# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
    
req = operations.GetNumbersBaseRequest(
    security=operations.GetNumbersBaseSecurity(
        x_mathtools_api_secret=shared.SchemeXMathtoolsAPISecret(
            api_key="YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
        ),
    ),
    query_params=operations.GetNumbersBaseQueryParams(
        from_=728171767558320508,
        number=4202576256773833716,
        to=7402369184756779626,
    ),
)
    
res = s.base_conversion.get_numbers_base(req)

if res.status_code == 200:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### Base Conversion

* `get_numbers_base` - Convert a given number from one base to another base
* `get_numbers_base_binary` - Convert a given number to binary
* `get_numbers_base_hex` - Convert a given number to hexadecimal
* `get_numbers_base_octal` - Convert a given number to octal

### Number Checks

* `get_numbers_is_cube` - Checks whether a given number is a cube number or not.
* `get_numbers_is_palindrome` - Checks whether a given number is a palindrome number or not.
* `get_numbers_is_square` - Checks whether a given number is a square number or not.
* `get_numbers_is_triangle` - Checks whether a given number is a triangle number or not.
* `get_numbers_prime_is_fermat_prime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fermat prime number or not.
* `get_numbers_prime_is_fibonacci_prime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fibonacci prime number or not.
* `get_numbers_prime_is_mersenne_prime` - Checks whether a given number is a known mersenne prime number or not.
* `get_numbers_prime_is_partition_prime` - Checks whether a given number is a known partition prime number or not.
* `get_numbers_prime_is_pell_prime` - Checks whether a given number is a known pell prime number or not.
* `get_numbers_prime_is_perfect` - Checks whether a given number is a perfect number or not.
* `get_numbers_prime_is_prime` - Checks whether a given number is a known prime number or not.

### Number Facts

* `get_numbers_fact` - Get a random fact about a number

### Number Generation

* `get_numbers_random` - Generate random number(s)

### Number Systems Conversion

* `get_numbers_numeral_chinese` - Convert base 10 representation of a given number to chinese numeral.
* `get_numbers_numeral_egyptian` - Convert base 10 representation of a given number to egyptian numeral.
* `get_numbers_numeral_roman` - Convert base 10 representation of a given number to roman numeral.

### Number of the day

* `get_numbers_nod` - Get the number of the day for current day

### PI

* `get_numbers_pi` - Get digits of pi (π)

### Prime

* `get_numbers_prime_factors` - Get the prime factors of a given number.
* `get_numbers_prime_is_fermat_prime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fermat prime number or not.
* `get_numbers_prime_is_fibonacci_prime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fibonacci prime number or not.
* `get_numbers_prime_is_mersenne_prime` - Checks whether a given number is a known mersenne prime number or not.
* `get_numbers_prime_is_partition_prime` - Checks whether a given number is a known partition prime number or not.
* `get_numbers_prime_is_pell_prime` - Checks whether a given number is a known pell prime number or not.
* `get_numbers_prime_is_perfect` - Checks whether a given number is a perfect number or not.
* `get_numbers_prime_is_prime` - Checks whether a given number is a known prime number or not.

### Spell

* `get_numbers_cardinal` - Get the cardinal of the given number
* `get_numbers_currency` - Spells out the number as a currency
* `get_numbers_ordinal` - Get the ordinal of the given number

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
