# DataPoint

Represents a single data point, generated by a particular data source. A data point holds a value for each field, an end timestamp and an optional start time. The exact semantics of each of these attributes are specified in the documentation for the particular data type. A data point can represent an instantaneous measurement, reading or input observation, as well as averages or aggregates over a time interval. Check the data type documentation to determine which is the case for a particular data type. Data points always contain one value for each field of the data type.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**computation_time_millis** | **str** | DO NOT USE THIS FIELD. It is ignored, and not stored. | [optional] 
**data_type_name** | **str** | The data type defining the format of the values in this data point. | [optional] 
**end_time_nanos** | **str** | The end time of the interval represented by this data point, in nanoseconds since epoch. | [optional] 
**modified_time_millis** | **str** | Indicates the last time this data point was modified. Useful only in contexts where we are listing the data changes, rather than representing the current state of the data. | [optional] 
**origin_data_source_id** | **str** | If the data point is contained in a dataset for a derived data source, this field will be populated with the data source stream ID that created the data point originally. WARNING: do not rely on this field for anything other than debugging. The value of this field, if it is set at all, is an implementation detail and is not guaranteed to remain consistent. | [optional] 
**raw_timestamp_nanos** | **str** | The raw timestamp from the original SensorEvent. | [optional] 
**start_time_nanos** | **str** | The start time of the interval represented by this data point, in nanoseconds since epoch. | [optional] 
**value** | [**List[Value]**](Value.md) | Values of each data type field for the data point. It is expected that each value corresponding to a data type field will occur in the same order that the field is listed with in the data type specified in a data source. Only one of integer and floating point fields will be populated, depending on the format enum value within data source&#39;s type field. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.data_point import DataPoint

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of DataPoint from a JSON string
data_point_instance = DataPoint.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(DataPoint.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
data_point_dict = data_point_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of DataPoint from a dict
data_point_from_dict = DataPoint.from_dict(data_point_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


