# GoogleRpcErrorInfo

Describes the cause of the error with structured details. Example of an error when contacting the \"pubsub.googleapis.com\" API when it is not enabled: { \"reason\": \"API_DISABLED\" \"domain\": \"googleapis.com\" \"metadata\": { \"resource\": \"projects/123\", \"service\": \"pubsub.googleapis.com\" } } This response indicates that the pubsub.googleapis.com API is not enabled. Example of an error that is returned when attempting to create a Spanner instance in a region that is out of stock: { \"reason\": \"STOCKOUT\" \"domain\": \"spanner.googleapis.com\", \"metadata\": { \"availableRegions\": \"us-central1,us-east2\" } }

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**domain** | **str** | The logical grouping to which the \&quot;reason\&quot; belongs. The error domain is typically the registered service name of the tool or product that generates the error. Example: \&quot;pubsub.googleapis.com\&quot;. If the error is generated by some common infrastructure, the error domain must be a globally unique value that identifies the infrastructure. For Google API infrastructure, the error domain is \&quot;googleapis.com\&quot;. | [optional] 
**metadata** | **Dict[str, str]** | Additional structured details about this error. Keys should match /[a-zA-Z0-9-_]/ and be limited to 64 characters in length. When identifying the current value of an exceeded limit, the units should be contained in the key, not the value. For example, rather than {\&quot;instanceLimit\&quot;: \&quot;100/request\&quot;}, should be returned as, {\&quot;instanceLimitPerRequest\&quot;: \&quot;100\&quot;}, if the client exceeds the number of instances that can be created in a single (batch) request. | [optional] 
**reason** | **str** | The reason of the error. This is a constant value that identifies the proximate cause of the error. Error reasons are unique within a particular domain of errors. This should be at most 63 characters and match a regular expression of &#x60;A-Z+[A-Z0-9]&#x60;, which represents UPPER_SNAKE_CASE. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.google_rpc_error_info import GoogleRpcErrorInfo

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of GoogleRpcErrorInfo from a JSON string
google_rpc_error_info_instance = GoogleRpcErrorInfo.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(GoogleRpcErrorInfo.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
google_rpc_error_info_dict = google_rpc_error_info_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of GoogleRpcErrorInfo from a dict
google_rpc_error_info_from_dict = GoogleRpcErrorInfo.from_dict(google_rpc_error_info_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


