# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { AppDgetRequest, AppDgetResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";


const sdk = new SDK();
    
const req: AppDgetRequest = {
  pathParams: {
    appDId: "qui",
  },
  queryParams: {
    allFields: "rerum",
    excludeDefault: "in",
    excludeFields: "pariatur",
    fields: "illum",
    filter: "fugiat",
  },
};

sdk.appPkgm.appDget(req).then((res: AppDgetResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### app-pkgm

* `appDget` - Reads the content of the AppD of on-boarded individual application package resources.
* `appDIdGet` - Fetch the onboarded application package content identified by appPkgId or appDId.
* `appDIdPut` - Uploads the content of application package.
* `appPkgGet` - Fetch the onboarded application package content identified by appPkgId or appDId.
* `appPkgIdGet` - Reads the content of the AppD of on-boarded individual application package resources.
* `appPkgPut` - Uploads the content of application package.
* `appPackageDelete` - Deletes an individual application package resources
* `appPackageGet` - Queries the information related to individual application package resources
* `appPackagePatch` - Updates the operational state of an individual application package resource
* `appPackagesGet` - Queries information relating to on-boarded application packages in the MEO
* `appPackagesPost` - Create a resource for on-boarding an application package to a MEO
* `individualSubscriptionDelete` - Deletes the individual subscription to notifications about application package changes in MEO.
* `individualSubscriptionGet` - Used to represent an individual subscription to notifications about application package changes.
* `subscriptionsGet` - used to retrieve the information of subscriptions to individual application package resource in MEO

### app-pkgm-notifications

* `appPkgNotificationPost` - Registers a notification endpoint to notify application package operations

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
