# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
    
req = operations.FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreateRequest(
    security=operations.FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreateSecurity(
        option1=operations.FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreateSecurityOption1(
            oauth2=shared.SchemeOauth2(
                authorization="Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
            )
            oauth2c=shared.SchemeOauth2c(
                authorization="Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
            )
        ),
    ),
    path_params=operations.FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreatePathParams(
        parent="ipsam",
    ),
    query_params=operations.FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreateQueryParams(
        dollar_xgafv="1",
        access_token="et",
        alt="json",
        callback="est",
        fields="dolor",
        key="placeat",
        oauth_token="a",
        pretty_print=True,
        quota_user="aut",
        site_id="facere",
        upload_type="ut",
        upload_protocol="doloremque",
    ),
    request=shared.SiteInput(
        app_id="perferendis",
        labels={
            "dolor": "reiciendis",
        },
    ),
)
    
res = s.projects.firebasehosting_projects_sites_create(req)

if res.site is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### projects

* `firebasehosting_projects_sites_create` - Creates a new Hosting Site in the specified parent Firebase project. Note that Hosting sites can take several minutes to propagate through Firebase systems.
* `firebasehosting_projects_sites_list` - Lists each Hosting Site associated with the specified parent Firebase project.

### sites

* `firebasehosting_sites_channels_create` - Creates a new channel in the specified site.
* `firebasehosting_sites_channels_list` - Lists the channels for the specified site. All sites have a default `live` channel.
* `firebasehosting_sites_domains_create` - Creates a domain mapping on the specified site.
* `firebasehosting_sites_domains_get` - Gets a domain mapping on the specified site.
* `firebasehosting_sites_domains_list` - Lists the domains for the specified site.
* `firebasehosting_sites_domains_update` - Updates the specified domain mapping, creating the mapping as if it does not exist.
* `firebasehosting_sites_releases_create` - Creates a new release, which makes the content of the specified version actively display on the appropriate URL(s).
* `firebasehosting_sites_releases_list` - Lists the releases that have been created for the specified site or channel. When used to list releases for a site, this list includes releases for both the default `live` channel and any active preview channels for the specified site.
* `firebasehosting_sites_versions_clone` - Creates a new version on the specified target site using the content of the specified version.
* `firebasehosting_sites_versions_create` - Creates a new version for the specified site.
* `firebasehosting_sites_versions_delete` - Deletes the specified version.
* `firebasehosting_sites_versions_files_list` - Lists the remaining files to be uploaded for the specified version.
* `firebasehosting_sites_versions_list` - Lists the versions that have been created for the specified site. This list includes versions for both the default `live` channel and any active preview channels for the specified site.
* `firebasehosting_sites_versions_patch` -  Updates the specified metadata for the specified version. This method will fail with `FAILED_PRECONDITION` in the event of an invalid state transition. The supported [state](../sites.versions#versionstatus) transitions for a version are from `CREATED` to `FINALIZED`. Use [`DeleteVersion`](delete) to set the status of a version to `DELETED`.
* `firebasehosting_sites_versions_populate_files` -  Adds content files to the specified version. Each file must be under 2 GB.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
