# PurchaseInvoice


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accounting** | [**PurchaseInvoiceAccountingDetails**](PurchaseInvoiceAccountingDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**accounting_cost** | **str** | The accounting cost code. | [optional] 
**allowance_charge** | **float** | DEPRECATED - Use the allowance_charges array. | [optional] 
**allowance_charges** | [**List[PurchaseInvoiceAllowanceCharge]**](PurchaseInvoiceAllowanceCharge.md) |  | [optional] 
**amount_including_vat** | **float** | DEPRECATED - Use amount_including_tax. | [optional] 
**attachments** | [**List[PurchaseInvoiceAttachment]**](PurchaseInvoiceAttachment.md) |  | [optional] 
**billing_reference** | **str** | Reference to the previous invoice this invoice relates to. | [optional] 
**buyer_reference** | **str** | Reference provided by the buyer. Used for routing. | [optional] 
**contract_document_reference** | **str** | Reference to the contract. | [optional] 
**delivery** | [**PurchaseInvoiceDelivery**](PurchaseInvoiceDelivery.md) |  | [optional] 
**document** | **str** | DEPRECATED. Use the new atatchments array. | [optional] 
**document_currency_code** | **str** | The ISO 4217 currency for the invoice. | [optional] 
**document_totals** | [**PurchaseInvoiceDocumentTotals**](PurchaseInvoiceDocumentTotals.md) |  | [optional] 
**document_type** | **str** | The type of document. Only \&quot;invoice\&quot; for now. | [optional] 
**due_date** | **str** | The date the invoice must be payed by. Format \&quot;YYYY-MM-DD\&quot;. | [optional] 
**external_key** | **str** | Deprecated. Used for accountants. The id you specified for the organization. | [optional] 
**external_user_id** | **str** | Deprecated. Used for the embedded portal retrieval service. The external_user_id you provided when the ShopAccount was created. | [optional] 
**guid** | **str** | The GUID of the invoice | [optional] 
**invoice_lines** | [**List[PurchaseInvoiceInvoiceLine]**](PurchaseInvoiceInvoiceLine.md) |  | [optional] 
**invoice_number** | **str** | The invoicenumber. | [optional] 
**invoice_type** | **str** | The type of invoice. | [optional] 
**issue_date** | **str** | The date the invoice was issued. Format \&quot;YYYY-MM-DD\&quot;. | [optional] 
**legal_entity_id** | **int** | The id of the LegalEntity the invoice was received for. | [optional] 
**note** | **str** | The invoice level note. | [optional] 
**order_reference** | **str** | Reference to the order. Used for matching the invoice to an order. | [optional] 
**payment_means** | [**PaymentMeansDEPRECATED**](PaymentMeansDEPRECATED.md) |  | [optional] 
**payment_means_array** | [**List[PurchaseInvoicePaymentMeans]**](PurchaseInvoicePaymentMeans.md) | The different payment means that can be used to pay the invoice. | [optional] 
**payment_means_payment_id** | **str** | DEPRECATED - use the payment_id property in the payment_means_array | [optional] 
**payment_terms_note** | **str** | A textual description of the payment terms. | [optional] 
**period_end** | **str** | The end date of the period this invoice relates to. Format \&quot;YYYY-MM-DD\&quot;. | [optional] 
**period_start** | **str** | The start date of the period this invoice relates to. Format \&quot;YYYY-MM-DD\&quot;. | [optional] 
**project_reference** | **str** | Reference to the project. | [optional] 
**sender** | [**PurchaseInvoiceSender**](PurchaseInvoiceSender.md) |  | [optional] 
**source** | **str** | The source the invoice was received from. | [optional] 
**sub_type** | **str** | The subtype of document. | [optional] 
**system_generated_primary_image** | **bool** | Whether or not the document image (PDF) was generated by Storecove. If true, it means the invoice was received without any attachments and Storecove generated one for you. If false, the invoice will contain at least one attachment, which was received from the invoice sender. | [optional] 
**tax_point_date** | **str** | The date the invoice was issued for tax purposes. In most countries MUST match the issue_date. Format \&quot;YYYY-MM-DD\&quot;. | [optional] 
**tax_subtotals** | [**List[PurchaseInvoiceTaxSubtotal]**](PurchaseInvoiceTaxSubtotal.md) |  | [optional] 
**tax_system** | **str** | The tax system of the invoice. Either tax_line_percentages or tax_line_amounts. The first tax system means the invoice lines contain only the tax percentages and the tax amounts are included only in the tax subtotals at the invoice level and so are only calculated at the invoice level. The tax system tax_line_amounts means that in addition to the percentage, each invoice line also contains the tax amount. The tax subtotals at the invoice level are calculated as the sum of the tax of the invoice lines. The distinction between the two tax systems has has implications for rounding. | [optional] 
**vat_reverse_charge** | **bool** | DEPRECATED - This is now part of each invoice line. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.purchase_invoice import PurchaseInvoice

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of PurchaseInvoice from a JSON string
purchase_invoice_instance = PurchaseInvoice.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(PurchaseInvoice.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
purchase_invoice_dict = purchase_invoice_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of PurchaseInvoice from a dict
purchase_invoice_from_dict = PurchaseInvoice.from_dict(purchase_invoice_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


