# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesBindDeviceToGatewayRequest, CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesBindDeviceToGatewayResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";


const sdk = new SDK();
    
const req: CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesBindDeviceToGatewayRequest = {
  security: {
    option1: {
      oauth2: {
        authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
      }
      oauth2c: {
        authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
      }
    },
  },
  pathParams: {
    parent: "repudiandae",
  },
  queryParams: {
    dollarXgafv: "2",
    accessToken: "autem",
    alt: "media",
    callback: "nobis",
    fields: "eaque",
    key: "aut",
    oauthToken: "nam",
    prettyPrint: false,
    quotaUser: "explicabo",
    uploadType: "tempora",
    uploadProtocol: "non",
  },
  request: {
    deviceId: "cumque",
    gatewayId: "ad",
  },
};

sdk.projects.cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesBindDeviceToGateway(req).then((res: CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesBindDeviceToGatewayResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### projects

* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesBindDeviceToGateway` - Associates the device with the gateway.
* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesCreate` - Creates a device registry that contains devices.
* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesConfigVersionsList` - Lists the last few versions of the device configuration in descending order (i.e.: newest first).
* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesCreate` - Creates a device in a device registry.
* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesDelete` - Deletes a device.
* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesGet` - Gets details about a device.
* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesModifyCloudToDeviceConfig` - Modifies the configuration for the device, which is eventually sent from the Cloud IoT Core servers. Returns the modified configuration version and its metadata.
* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesPatch` - Updates a device.
* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesSendCommandToDevice` - Sends a command to the specified device. In order for a device to be able to receive commands, it must: 1) be connected to Cloud IoT Core using the MQTT protocol, and 2) be subscribed to the group of MQTT topics specified by /devices/{device-id}/commands/#. This subscription will receive commands at the top-level topic /devices/{device-id}/commands as well as commands for subfolders, like /devices/{device-id}/commands/subfolder. Note that subscribing to specific subfolders is not supported. If the command could not be delivered to the device, this method will return an error; in particular, if the device is not subscribed, this method will return FAILED_PRECONDITION. Otherwise, this method will return OK. If the subscription is QoS 1, at least once delivery will be guaranteed; for QoS 0, no acknowledgment will be expected from the device.
* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesStatesList` - Lists the last few versions of the device state in descending order (i.e.: newest first).
* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesGroupsDevicesList` - List devices in a device registry.
* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesGroupsGetIamPolicy` - Gets the access control policy for a resource. Returns an empty policy if the resource exists and does not have a policy set.
* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesGroupsSetIamPolicy` - Sets the access control policy on the specified resource. Replaces any existing policy.
* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesGroupsTestIamPermissions` - Returns permissions that a caller has on the specified resource. If the resource does not exist, this will return an empty set of permissions, not a NOT_FOUND error.
* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesList` - Lists device registries.
* `cloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesUnbindDeviceFromGateway` - Deletes the association between the device and the gateway.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
