# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { AssociateLensesRequest, AssociateLensesResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";

const sdk = new SDK(WithSecurity(
  security: {
    hmac: {
      apiKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
    },
  }
));
    
const req: AssociateLensesRequest = {
  pathParams: {
    workloadId: "sapiente",
  },
  headers: {
    xAmzAlgorithm: "et",
    xAmzContentSha256: "perferendis",
    xAmzCredential: "maiores",
    xAmzDate: "est",
    xAmzSecurityToken: "atque",
    xAmzSignature: "sint",
    xAmzSignedHeaders: "vero",
  },
  request: {
    lensAliases: [
      "rem",
    ],
  },
};

sdk.sdk.associateLenses(req).then((res: AssociateLensesResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `associateLenses` - Associate a lens to a workload.
* `createMilestone` - Create a milestone for an existing workload.
* `createWorkload` - <p>Create a new workload.</p> <p>The owner of a workload can share the workload with other AWS accounts and IAM users in the same AWS Region. Only the owner of a workload can delete it.</p> <p>For more information, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/userguide/define-workload.html">Defining a Workload</a> in the <i>AWS Well-Architected Tool User Guide</i>.</p>
* `createWorkloadShare` - <p>Create a workload share.</p> <p>The owner of a workload can share it with other AWS accounts and IAM users in the same AWS Region. Shared access to a workload is not removed until the workload invitation is deleted.</p> <p>For more information, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/userguide/workloads-sharing.html">Sharing a Workload</a> in the <i>AWS Well-Architected Tool User Guide</i>.</p>
* `deleteWorkload` - Delete an existing workload.
* `deleteWorkloadShare` - Delete a workload share.
* `disassociateLenses` - <p>Disassociate a lens from a workload.</p> <note> <p>The AWS Well-Architected Framework lens (<code>wellarchitected</code>) cannot be removed from a workload.</p> </note>
* `getAnswer` - Get the answer to a specific question in a workload review.
* `getLensReview` - Get lens review.
* `getLensReviewReport` - Get lens review report.
* `getLensVersionDifference` - Get lens version differences.
* `getMilestone` - Get a milestone for an existing workload.
* `getWorkload` - Get an existing workload.
* `listAnswers` - List of answers.
* `listLensReviewImprovements` - List lens review improvements.
* `listLensReviews` - List lens reviews.
* `listLenses` - List the available lenses.
* `listMilestones` - List all milestones for an existing workload.
* `listNotifications` - List lens notifications.
* `listShareInvitations` - List the workload invitations.
* `listTagsForResource` - List the tags for a resource.
* `listWorkloadShares` - List the workload shares associated with the workload.
* `listWorkloads` - List workloads. Paginated.
* `tagResource` - Adds one or more tags to the specified resource.
* `untagResource` - <p>Deletes specified tags from a resource.</p> <p>To specify multiple tags, use separate <b>tagKeys</b> parameters, for example:</p> <p> <code>DELETE /tags/WorkloadArn?tagKeys=key1&amp;tagKeys=key2</code> </p>
* `updateAnswer` - Update the answer to a specific question in a workload review.
* `updateLensReview` - Update lens review.
* `updateShareInvitation` - Update a workload invitation.
* `updateWorkload` - Update an existing workload.
* `updateWorkloadShare` - Update a workload share.
* `upgradeLensReview` - Upgrade lens review.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
