# KerberosConfig

Specifies Kerberos related configuration.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cross_realm_trust_admin_server** | **str** | Optional. The admin server (IP or hostname) for the remote trusted realm in a cross realm trust relationship. | [optional] 
**cross_realm_trust_kdc** | **str** | Optional. The KDC (IP or hostname) for the remote trusted realm in a cross realm trust relationship. | [optional] 
**cross_realm_trust_realm** | **str** | Optional. The remote realm the Dataproc on-cluster KDC will trust, should the user enable cross realm trust. | [optional] 
**cross_realm_trust_shared_password_uri** | **str** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted file containing the shared password between the on-cluster Kerberos realm and the remote trusted realm, in a cross realm trust relationship. | [optional] 
**enable_kerberos** | **bool** | Optional. Flag to indicate whether to Kerberize the cluster (default: false). Set this field to true to enable Kerberos on a cluster. | [optional] 
**kdc_db_key_uri** | **str** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted file containing the master key of the KDC database. | [optional] 
**key_password_uri** | **str** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted file containing the password to the user provided key. For the self-signed certificate, this password is generated by Dataproc. | [optional] 
**keystore_password_uri** | **str** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted file containing the password to the user provided keystore. For the self-signed certificate, this password is generated by Dataproc. | [optional] 
**keystore_uri** | **str** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of the keystore file used for SSL encryption. If not provided, Dataproc will provide a self-signed certificate. | [optional] 
**kms_key_uri** | **str** | Optional. The URI of the KMS key used to encrypt sensitive files. | [optional] 
**realm** | **str** | Optional. The name of the on-cluster Kerberos realm. If not specified, the uppercased domain of hostnames will be the realm. | [optional] 
**root_principal_password_uri** | **str** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted file containing the root principal password. | [optional] 
**tgt_lifetime_hours** | **int** | Optional. The lifetime of the ticket granting ticket, in hours. If not specified, or user specifies 0, then default value 10 will be used. | [optional] 
**truststore_password_uri** | **str** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of a KMS encrypted file containing the password to the user provided truststore. For the self-signed certificate, this password is generated by Dataproc. | [optional] 
**truststore_uri** | **str** | Optional. The Cloud Storage URI of the truststore file used for SSL encryption. If not provided, Dataproc will provide a self-signed certificate. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.kerberos_config import KerberosConfig

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of KerberosConfig from a JSON string
kerberos_config_instance = KerberosConfig.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(KerberosConfig.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
kerberos_config_dict = kerberos_config_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of KerberosConfig from a dict
kerberos_config_from_dict = KerberosConfig.from_dict(kerberos_config_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


