# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
    
req = operations.CreateMessageInteractionRequest(
    security=operations.CreateMessageInteractionSecurity(
        account_sid_auth_token=shared.SchemeAccountSidAuthToken(
            password="YOUR_PASSWORD_HERE",
            username="YOUR_USERNAME_HERE",
        ),
    ),
    path_params=operations.CreateMessageInteractionPathParams(
        participant_sid="tempore",
        service_sid="fuga",
        session_sid="aut",
    ),
    request=operations.CreateMessageInteractionCreateMessageInteractionRequest(
        body="mollitia",
        media_url=[
            "at",
            "expedita",
        ],
    ),
)
    
res = s.sdk.create_message_interaction(req)

if res.proxy_v1_service_session_participant_message_interaction is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `create_message_interaction` - Create a new message Interaction to send directly from your system to one [Participant](https://www.twilio.com/docs/proxy/api/participant).  The `inbound` properties for the Interaction will always be empty.
* `create_participant` - Add a new Participant to the Session
* `create_phone_number` - Add a Phone Number to a Service's Proxy Number Pool.
* `create_service` - Create a new Service for Twilio Proxy
* `create_session` - Create a new Session
* `create_short_code` - Add a Short Code to the Proxy Number Pool for the Service.
* `delete_interaction` - Delete a specific Interaction.
* `delete_participant` - Delete a specific Participant. This is a soft-delete. The participant remains associated with the session and cannot be re-added. Participants are only permanently deleted when the [Session](https://www.twilio.com/docs/proxy/api/session) is deleted.
* `delete_phone_number` - Delete a specific Phone Number from a Service.
* `delete_service` - Delete a specific Service.
* `delete_session` - Delete a specific Session.
* `delete_short_code` - Delete a specific Short Code from a Service.
* `fetch_interaction` - Retrieve a list of Interactions for a given [Session](https://www.twilio.com/docs/proxy/api/session).
* `fetch_message_interaction`
* `fetch_participant` - Fetch a specific Participant.
* `fetch_phone_number` - Fetch a specific Phone Number.
* `fetch_service` - Fetch a specific Service.
* `fetch_session` - Fetch a specific Session.
* `fetch_short_code` - Fetch a specific Short Code.
* `list_interaction` - Retrieve a list of all Interactions for a Session. A maximum of 100 records will be returned per page.
* `list_message_interaction`
* `list_participant` - Retrieve a list of all Participants in a Session.
* `list_phone_number` - Retrieve a list of all Phone Numbers in the Proxy Number Pool for a Service. A maximum of 100 records will be returned per page.
* `list_service` - Retrieve a list of all Services for Twilio Proxy. A maximum of 100 records will be returned per page.
* `list_session` - Retrieve a list of all Sessions for the Service. A maximum of 100 records will be returned per page.
* `list_short_code` - Retrieve a list of all Short Codes in the Proxy Number Pool for the Service. A maximum of 100 records will be returned per page.
* `update_phone_number` - Update a specific Proxy Number.
* `update_service` - Update a specific Service.
* `update_session` - Update a specific Session.
* `update_short_code` - Update a specific Short Code.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
