# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
s.config_security(
    security=shared.Security(
        hmac=shared.SchemeHmac(
            api_key="YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
        ),
    )
)
    
req = operations.CancelContactRequest(
    path_params=operations.CancelContactPathParams(
        contact_id="error",
    ),
    headers=operations.CancelContactHeaders(
        x_amz_algorithm="dolores",
        x_amz_content_sha256="non",
        x_amz_credential="aspernatur",
        x_amz_date="rem",
        x_amz_security_token="vel",
        x_amz_signature="eum",
        x_amz_signed_headers="at",
    ),
)
    
res = s.sdk.cancel_contact(req)

if res.contact_id_response is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `cancel_contact` - Cancels a contact with a specified contact ID.
* `create_config` - <p>Creates a <code>Config</code> with the specified <code>configData</code> parameters.</p> <p>Only one type of <code>configData</code> can be specified.</p>
* `create_dataflow_endpoint_group` - <p>Creates a <code>DataflowEndpoint</code> group containing the specified list of <code>DataflowEndpoint</code> objects.</p> <p>The <code>name</code> field in each endpoint is used in your mission profile <code>DataflowEndpointConfig</code> to specify which endpoints to use during a contact.</p> <p>When a contact uses multiple <code>DataflowEndpointConfig</code> objects, each <code>Config</code> must match a <code>DataflowEndpoint</code> in the same group.</p>
* `create_mission_profile` - <p>Creates a mission profile.</p> <p> <code>dataflowEdges</code> is a list of lists of strings. Each lower level list of strings has two elements: a <i>from</i> ARN and a <i>to</i> ARN.</p>
* `delete_config` - Deletes a <code>Config</code>.
* `delete_dataflow_endpoint_group` - Deletes a dataflow endpoint group.
* `delete_mission_profile` - Deletes a mission profile.
* `describe_contact` - Describes an existing contact.
* `get_config` - <p>Returns <code>Config</code> information.</p> <p>Only one <code>Config</code> response can be returned.</p>
* `get_dataflow_endpoint_group` - Returns the dataflow endpoint group.
* `get_minute_usage` - Returns the number of minutes used by account.
* `get_mission_profile` - Returns a mission profile.
* `get_satellite` - Returns a satellite.
* `list_configs` - Returns a list of <code>Config</code> objects.
* `list_contacts` - <p>Returns a list of contacts.</p> <p>If <code>statusList</code> contains AVAILABLE, the request must include <code>groundStation</code>, <code>missionprofileArn</code>, and <code>satelliteArn</code>. </p>
* `list_dataflow_endpoint_groups` - Returns a list of <code>DataflowEndpoint</code> groups.
* `list_ground_stations` - Returns a list of ground stations. 
* `list_mission_profiles` - Returns a list of mission profiles.
* `list_satellites` - Returns a list of satellites.
* `list_tags_for_resource` - Returns a list of tags for a specified resource.
* `reserve_contact` - Reserves a contact using specified parameters.
* `tag_resource` - Assigns a tag to a resource.
* `untag_resource` - Deassigns a resource tag.
* `update_config` - <p>Updates the <code>Config</code> used when scheduling contacts.</p> <p>Updating a <code>Config</code> will not update the execution parameters for existing future contacts scheduled with this <code>Config</code>.</p>
* `update_mission_profile` - <p>Updates a mission profile.</p> <p>Updating a mission profile will not update the execution parameters for existing future contacts.</p>

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
