# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New()
    
    req := operations.GetRestMethodEqualFlickrGroupsPoolsGetContextRequest{
        QueryParams: operations.GetRestMethodEqualFlickrGroupsPoolsGetContextQueryParams{
            APIKey: "pariatur",
            GroupID: "tenetur",
            PhotoID: "incidunt",
        },
    }
    
    res, err := s.Sdk.GetRestMethodEqualFlickrGroupsPoolsGetContext(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.GetRestMethodEqualFlickrGroupsPoolsGetContext200ApplicationJSONObject != nil {
        // handle response
    }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `GetRestMethodEqualFlickrGroupsPoolsGetContext` - Returns next and previous photos for a photo in a group pool
* `Echo` - Echos the input parameters back in the response
* `GetAccessToken` - Returns an access token
* `GetAlbumByID` - Returns a list of photos in an album.
* `GetAlbumContextByID` - Returns next and previous photos for a photo in a set
* `GetAlbumsByPersonID` - Returns the albums belonging to the specified user
* `GetFavoritesByPersonID` - Returns a list of the user's favorite photos. Only photos which the calling user has permission to see are returned.
* `GetFavoritesContextByID` - Returns next and previous favorites for a photo in a user's favorites
* `GetGalleryPhotosByID` - Returns a list of photos in a gallery.
* `GetGroupByID` - Get information about a group
* `GetGroupDiscussionsByID` - Get a list of discussion topics in a group.
* `GetGroupPhotosByID` - Returns a list of pool photos for a given group
* `GetGroupTopicByID` - Get information about a group discussion topic
* `GetGroupTopicRepliesByID` - Get information on a group topic reply
* `GetLicenseByID` - Fetches a list of available photo licenses for Flickr
* `GetMediaByPersonID` - Return photos from the given user's photostream
* `GetMediaBySearch` - Return a list of photos matching some criteria.
* `GetPersonByID` - Returns a person
* `GetPhotoByID` - Returns a photo
* `GetPhotoExifByID` - Retrieves a list of EXIF/TIFF/GPS tags for a given photo. The calling user must have permission to view the photo.
* `GetPhotoSizesByID` - Returns photo sizes
* `GetPhotolistContextByID` - Returns next and previous photos in a photo list
* `GetPhotostreamContextByID` - Returns next and previous photos for a photo in a photostream
* `GetRequestToken` - Returns an oauth token and oauth token secret
* `UploadPhoto` - Uploads a new photo to Flickr

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
