# EventData

The Azure event log entries are of type EventData

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**authorization** | [**SenderAuthorization**](SenderAuthorization.md) |  | [optional] 
**caller** | **str** | the email address of the user who has performed the operation, the UPN claim or SPN claim based on availability. | [optional] [readonly] 
**category** | [**LocalizableString**](LocalizableString.md) |  | [optional] 
**claims** | **Dict[str, str]** | key value pairs to identify ARM permissions. | [optional] [readonly] 
**correlation_id** | **str** | the correlation Id, usually a GUID in the string format. The correlation Id is shared among the events that belong to the same uber operation. | [optional] [readonly] 
**description** | **str** | the description of the event. | [optional] [readonly] 
**event_data_id** | **str** | the event data Id. This is a unique identifier for an event. | [optional] [readonly] 
**event_name** | [**LocalizableString**](LocalizableString.md) |  | [optional] 
**event_timestamp** | **datetime** | the timestamp of when the event was generated by the Azure service processing the request corresponding the event. It in ISO 8601 format. | [optional] [readonly] 
**http_request** | [**HttpRequestInfo**](HttpRequestInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | the Id of this event as required by ARM for RBAC. It contains the EventDataID and a timestamp information. | [optional] [readonly] 
**level** | **str** | the event level | [optional] [readonly] 
**operation_id** | **str** | It is usually a GUID shared among the events corresponding to single operation. This value should not be confused with EventName. | [optional] [readonly] 
**operation_name** | [**LocalizableString**](LocalizableString.md) |  | [optional] 
**properties** | **Dict[str, str]** | the set of &lt;Key, Value&gt; pairs (usually a Dictionary&lt;String, String&gt;) that includes details about the event. | [optional] [readonly] 
**resource_group_name** | **str** | the resource group name of the impacted resource. | [optional] [readonly] 
**resource_id** | **str** | the resource uri that uniquely identifies the resource that caused this event. | [optional] [readonly] 
**resource_provider_name** | [**LocalizableString**](LocalizableString.md) |  | [optional] 
**resource_type** | [**LocalizableString**](LocalizableString.md) |  | [optional] 
**status** | [**LocalizableString**](LocalizableString.md) |  | [optional] 
**sub_status** | [**LocalizableString**](LocalizableString.md) |  | [optional] 
**submission_timestamp** | **datetime** | the timestamp of when the event became available for querying via this API. It is in ISO 8601 format. This value should not be confused eventTimestamp. As there might be a delay between the occurrence time of the event, and the time that the event is submitted to the Azure logging infrastructure. | [optional] [readonly] 
**subscription_id** | **str** | the Azure subscription Id usually a GUID. | [optional] [readonly] 
**tenant_id** | **str** | the Azure tenant Id | [optional] [readonly] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.event_data import EventData

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of EventData from a JSON string
event_data_instance = EventData.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(EventData.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
event_data_dict = event_data_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of EventData from a dict
event_data_from_dict = EventData.from_dict(event_data_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


