# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New()
    
    req := operations.FindListingRecommendationsRequest{
        Security: operations.FindListingRecommendationsSecurity{
            APIAuth: shared.SchemeAPIAuth{
                Authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
            },
        },
        QueryParams: operations.FindListingRecommendationsQueryParams{
            Filter: "sint",
            Limit: "praesentium",
            Offset: "ipsa",
        },
        Headers: operations.FindListingRecommendationsHeaders{
            XEbayCMarketplaceID: "aspernatur",
        },
        Request: &shared.FindListingRecommendationRequest{
            ListingIds: []string{
                "sint",
                "natus",
            },
        },
    }
    
    res, err := s.Sdk.FindListingRecommendations(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.PagedListingRecommendationCollection != nil {
        // handle response
    }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `FindListingRecommendations` - The find method currently returns information for a single recommendation type (AD) which contains information that sellers can use to configure Promoted Listings ad campaigns. The response from this method includes an array of the seller's listing IDs, where each element in the array contains recommendations related to the associated listing ID. For details on how to use this method, see Using the Recommendation API to help configure campaigns. The AD recommendation type The AD type contains two sets of information: The promoteWithAd indicator The promoteWithAd response field indicates whether or not eBay recommends you place the associated listing in a Promoted Listings ad campaign. The returned value is set to either RECOMMENDED or UNDETERMINED, where RECOMMENDED identifies the listings that will benefit the most from having them included in an ad campaign. The bid percentage Also known as the &quot;ad rate,&quot; the bidPercentage field provides the current trending bid percentage of similarly promoted items in the marketplace. The ad rate is a user-specified value that indicates the level of promotion that eBay applies to the campaign across the marketplace. The value is also used to calculate the Promotion Listings fee, which is assessed to the seller if a Promoted Listings action results in the sale of an item. Configuring the request You can configure a request to review all of a seller's currently active listings, or just a subset of them. All active listings &ndash; If you leave the request body empty, the request targets all the items currently listed by the seller. Here, the response is filtered to contain only the items where promoteWithAd equals RECOMMENDED. In this case, eBay recommends that all the returned listings should be included in a Promoted Listings ad campaign. Selected listing IDs &ndash; If you populate the request body with a set of listingIds, the response contains data for all the specified listing IDs. In this scenario, the response provides you with information on listings where the promoteWithAd can be either RECOMMENDED or UNDETERMINED. The paginated response Because the response can contain many listing IDs, the findListingRecommendations method paginates the response set. You can control size of the returned pages, as well as an offset that dictates where to start the pagination, using query parameters in the request.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
