# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { DeleteProjectUsernameProjectBuildCacheRequest, DeleteProjectUsernameProjectBuildCacheResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";

const sdk = new SDK(WithSecurity(
  security: {
    apikey: {
      apiKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
    },
  }
));
    
const req: DeleteProjectUsernameProjectBuildCacheRequest = {
  pathParams: {
    project: "molestiae",
    username: "officia",
  },
};

sdk.sdk.deleteProjectUsernameProjectBuildCache(req).then((res: DeleteProjectUsernameProjectBuildCacheResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `deleteProjectUsernameProjectBuildCache` - Clears the cache for a project.

* `deleteProjectUsernameProjectCheckoutKeyFingerprint` - Delete a checkout key.

* `deleteProjectUsernameProjectEnvvarName` - Deletes the environment variable named ':name'

* `getMe` - Provides information about the signed in user.

* `getProjectUsernameProject` - Build summary for each of the last 30 builds for a single git repo.

* `getProjectUsernameProjectBuildNum` - Full details for a single build. The response includes all of the fields from the build summary.
This is also the payload for the [notification webhooks](/docs/configuration/#notify), in which case this object is the value to a key named 'payload'.

* `getProjectUsernameProjectBuildNumArtifacts` - List the artifacts produced by a given build.

* `getProjectUsernameProjectBuildNumTests` - Provides test metadata for a build
Note: [Learn how to set up your builds to collect test metadata](https://circleci.com/docs/test-metadata/)

* `getProjectUsernameProjectCheckoutKey` - Lists checkout keys.

* `getProjectUsernameProjectCheckoutKeyFingerprint` - Get a checkout key.

* `getProjectUsernameProjectEnvvar` - Lists the environment variables for :project

* `getProjectUsernameProjectEnvvarName` - Gets the hidden value of environment variable :name

* `getProjects` - List of all the projects you're following on CircleCI, with build information organized by branch.

* `getRecentBuilds` - Build summary for each of the last 30 recent builds, ordered by build_num.

* `postProjectUsernameProject` - Triggers a new build, returns a summary of the build.

* `postProjectUsernameProjectBuildNumCancel` - Cancels the build, returns a summary of the build.

* `postProjectUsernameProjectBuildNumRetry` - Retries the build, returns a summary of the new build.

* `postProjectUsernameProjectCheckoutKey` - Creates a new checkout key.
Only usable with a user API token.

* `postProjectUsernameProjectEnvvar` - Creates a new environment variable

* `postProjectUsernameProjectSshKey` - Create an ssh key used to access external systems that require SSH key-based authentication

* `postProjectUsernameProjectTreeBranch` - Triggers a new build, returns a summary of the build.
Optional build parameters can be set using an experimental API.

Note: For more about build parameters, read about [using parameterized builds](https://circleci.com/docs/parameterized-builds/)

* `postUserHerokuKey` - Adds your Heroku API key to CircleCI, takes apikey as form param name.


<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
