# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New()
    
    req := operations.SpeechOperationsGetRequest{
        Security: operations.SpeechOperationsGetSecurity{
            Oauth2: shared.SchemeOauth2{
                Authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
            }
            Oauth2c: shared.SchemeOauth2c{
                Authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
            },
        },
        PathParams: operations.SpeechOperationsGetPathParams{
            Name: "saepe",
        },
        QueryParams: operations.SpeechOperationsGetQueryParams{
            DollarXgafv: "2",
            AccessToken: "autem",
            Alt: "media",
            Callback: "ratione",
            Fields: "dicta",
            Key: "et",
            OauthToken: "molestias",
            PrettyPrint: false,
            QuotaUser: "facilis",
            UploadType: "ex",
            UploadProtocol: "nesciunt",
        },
    }
    
    res, err := s.Operations.SpeechOperationsGet(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.Operation != nil {
        // handle response
    }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### operations

* `SpeechOperationsGet` - Gets the latest state of a long-running operation. Clients can use this method to poll the operation result at intervals as recommended by the API service.
* `SpeechOperationsList` - Lists operations that match the specified filter in the request. If the server doesn't support this method, it returns `UNIMPLEMENTED`. NOTE: the `name` binding allows API services to override the binding to use different resource name schemes, such as `users/*/operations`. To override the binding, API services can add a binding such as `"/v1/{name=users/*}/operations"` to their service configuration. For backwards compatibility, the default name includes the operations collection id, however overriding users must ensure the name binding is the parent resource, without the operations collection id.

### projects

* `SpeechProjectsLocationsCustomClassesCreate` - Create a custom class.
* `SpeechProjectsLocationsCustomClassesList` - List custom classes.
* `SpeechProjectsLocationsPhraseSetsCreate` - Create a set of phrase hints. Each item in the set can be a single word or a multi-word phrase. The items in the PhraseSet are favored by the recognition model when you send a call that includes the PhraseSet.
* `SpeechProjectsLocationsPhraseSetsDelete` - Delete a phrase set.
* `SpeechProjectsLocationsPhraseSetsGet` - Get a phrase set.
* `SpeechProjectsLocationsPhraseSetsList` - List phrase sets.
* `SpeechProjectsLocationsPhraseSetsPatch` - Update a phrase set.

### speech

* `SpeechSpeechLongrunningrecognize` - Performs asynchronous speech recognition: receive results via the google.longrunning.Operations interface. Returns either an `Operation.error` or an `Operation.response` which contains a `LongRunningRecognizeResponse` message. For more information on asynchronous speech recognition, see the [how-to](https://cloud.google.com/speech-to-text/docs/async-recognize).
* `SpeechSpeechRecognize` - Performs synchronous speech recognition: receive results after all audio has been sent and processed.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
