# GoogleCloudIntegrationsV1alphaIntegrationVersion

The integration version definition.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**create_time** | **str** | Output only. Auto-generated. | [optional] [readonly] 
**database_persistence_policy** | **str** | Optional. Flag to disable database persistence for execution data, including event execution info, execution export info, execution metadata index and execution param index. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | Optional. The integration description. | [optional] 
**error_catcher_configs** | [**List[GoogleCloudIntegrationsV1alphaErrorCatcherConfig]**](GoogleCloudIntegrationsV1alphaErrorCatcherConfig.md) | Optional. Error Catch Task configuration for the integration. It&#39;s optional. | [optional] 
**integration_parameters** | [**List[GoogleCloudIntegrationsV1alphaIntegrationParameter]**](GoogleCloudIntegrationsV1alphaIntegrationParameter.md) | Optional. Parameters that are expected to be passed to the integration when an event is triggered. This consists of all the parameters that are expected in the integration execution. This gives the user the ability to provide default values, add information like PII and also provide data types of each parameter. | [optional] 
**integration_parameters_internal** | [**EnterpriseCrmFrontendsEventbusProtoWorkflowParameters**](EnterpriseCrmFrontendsEventbusProtoWorkflowParameters.md) |  | [optional] 
**last_modifier_email** | **str** | Optional. The last modifier&#39;s email address. Generated based on the End User Credentials/LOAS role of the user making the call. | [optional] 
**lock_holder** | **str** | Optional. The edit lock holder&#39;s email address. Generated based on the End User Credentials/LOAS role of the user making the call. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Output only. Auto-generated primary key. | [optional] [readonly] 
**origin** | **str** | Optional. The origin that indicates where this integration is coming from. | [optional] 
**parent_template_id** | **str** | Optional. The id of the template which was used to create this integration_version. | [optional] 
**run_as_service_account** | **str** | Optional. The run-as service account email, if set and auth config is not configured, that will be used to generate auth token to be used in Connector task, Rest caller task and Cloud function task. | [optional] 
**snapshot_number** | **str** | Optional. An increasing sequence that is set when a new snapshot is created. The last created snapshot can be identified by [workflow_name, org_id latest(snapshot_number)]. However, last created snapshot need not be same as the HEAD. So users should always use \&quot;HEAD\&quot; tag to identify the head. | [optional] 
**state** | **str** | Output only. User should not set it as an input. | [optional] [readonly] 
**status** | **str** | Output only. Generated by eventbus. User should not set it as an input. | [optional] [readonly] 
**task_configs** | [**List[GoogleCloudIntegrationsV1alphaTaskConfig]**](GoogleCloudIntegrationsV1alphaTaskConfig.md) | Optional. Task configuration for the integration. It&#39;s optional, but the integration doesn&#39;t do anything without task_configs. | [optional] 
**task_configs_internal** | [**List[EnterpriseCrmFrontendsEventbusProtoTaskConfig]**](EnterpriseCrmFrontendsEventbusProtoTaskConfig.md) | Optional. Task configuration for the integration. It&#39;s optional, but the integration doesn&#39;t do anything without task_configs. | [optional] 
**teardown** | [**EnterpriseCrmEventbusProtoTeardown**](EnterpriseCrmEventbusProtoTeardown.md) |  | [optional] 
**trigger_configs** | [**List[GoogleCloudIntegrationsV1alphaTriggerConfig]**](GoogleCloudIntegrationsV1alphaTriggerConfig.md) | Optional. Trigger configurations. | [optional] 
**trigger_configs_internal** | [**List[EnterpriseCrmFrontendsEventbusProtoTriggerConfig]**](EnterpriseCrmFrontendsEventbusProtoTriggerConfig.md) | Optional. Trigger configurations. | [optional] 
**update_time** | **str** | Output only. Auto-generated. | [optional] [readonly] 
**user_label** | **str** | Optional. A user-defined label that annotates an integration version. Typically, this is only set when the integration version is created. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.google_cloud_integrations_v1alpha_integration_version import GoogleCloudIntegrationsV1alphaIntegrationVersion

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of GoogleCloudIntegrationsV1alphaIntegrationVersion from a JSON string
google_cloud_integrations_v1alpha_integration_version_instance = GoogleCloudIntegrationsV1alphaIntegrationVersion.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(GoogleCloudIntegrationsV1alphaIntegrationVersion.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
google_cloud_integrations_v1alpha_integration_version_dict = google_cloud_integrations_v1alpha_integration_version_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of GoogleCloudIntegrationsV1alphaIntegrationVersion from a dict
google_cloud_integrations_v1alpha_integration_version_from_dict = GoogleCloudIntegrationsV1alphaIntegrationVersion.from_dict(google_cloud_integrations_v1alpha_integration_version_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


