# UpdateOrganizationLoginSecurityRequest


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**account_lockout_attempts** | **int** | Number of consecutive failed login attempts after which users&#39; accounts will be locked. | [optional] 
**api_authentication** | [**GetOrganizationLoginSecurity200ResponseApiAuthentication**](GetOrganizationLoginSecurity200ResponseApiAuthentication.md) |  | [optional] 
**enforce_account_lockout** | **bool** | Boolean indicating whether users&#39; Dashboard accounts will be locked out after a specified number of consecutive failed login attempts. | [optional] 
**enforce_different_passwords** | **bool** | Boolean indicating whether users, when setting a new password, are forced to choose a new password that is different from any past passwords. | [optional] 
**enforce_idle_timeout** | **bool** | Boolean indicating whether users will be logged out after being idle for the specified number of minutes. | [optional] 
**enforce_login_ip_ranges** | **bool** | Boolean indicating whether organization will restrict access to Dashboard (including the API) from certain IP addresses. | [optional] 
**enforce_password_expiration** | **bool** | Boolean indicating whether users are forced to change their password every X number of days. | [optional] 
**enforce_strong_passwords** | **bool** | Boolean indicating whether users will be forced to choose strong passwords for their accounts. Strong passwords are at least 8 characters that contain 3 of the following: number, uppercase letter, lowercase letter, and symbol | [optional] 
**enforce_two_factor_auth** | **bool** | Boolean indicating whether users in this organization will be required to use an extra verification code when logging in to Dashboard. This code will be sent to their mobile phone via SMS, or can be generated by the authenticator application. | [optional] 
**idle_timeout_minutes** | **int** | Number of minutes users can remain idle before being logged out of their accounts. | [optional] 
**login_ip_ranges** | **List[str]** | List of acceptable IP ranges. Entries can be single IP addresses, IP address ranges, and CIDR subnets. | [optional] 
**num_different_passwords** | **int** | Number of recent passwords that new password must be distinct from. | [optional] 
**password_expiration_days** | **int** | Number of days after which users will be forced to change their password. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.update_organization_login_security_request import UpdateOrganizationLoginSecurityRequest

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of UpdateOrganizationLoginSecurityRequest from a JSON string
update_organization_login_security_request_instance = UpdateOrganizationLoginSecurityRequest.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(UpdateOrganizationLoginSecurityRequest.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
update_organization_login_security_request_dict = update_organization_login_security_request_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of UpdateOrganizationLoginSecurityRequest from a dict
update_organization_login_security_request_from_dict = UpdateOrganizationLoginSecurityRequest.from_dict(update_organization_login_security_request_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


