# StandardsProfile

A complex type that defines a seller profile.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cycle** | [**Cycle**](Cycle.md) |  | [optional] 
**default_program** | **bool** | If set to true, this flag indicates this is the default program for the seller. Except for sellers in China, a seller&#39;s default program is the marketplace where they registered with eBay. Seller&#39;s in China select their default program when they register. | [optional] 
**evaluation_reason** | **str** | Specifies how the overall seller level was calculated. In the event of special circumstances (as determined by eBay), eBay may override the calculated seller level. In general, such overrides protect a seller&#39;s level. The usual value for both cycle types is &amp;quot;Seller level generated by standards monthly evaluation cycle.&amp;quot; | [optional] 
**metrics** | [**List[Metric]**](Metric.md) | A list of the metrics upon which a seller&#39;s profile is evaluated. Each program&#39;s applicable metrics and requirements are listed at eBay Top Rated seller program standards. | [optional] 
**program** | **str** | Indicates the program used to generate the profile data. Values can be PROGRAM_DE, PROGRAM_UK, PROGRAM_US, or PROGRAM_GLOBAL. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/analytics/types/ProgramEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**standards_level** | **str** | The overall standards level of the seller, one of TOP_RATED, ABOVE_STANDARD, or BELOW_STANDARD. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/devzone/rest/api-ref/analytics/types/StandardsLevelEnum.html&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.standards_profile import StandardsProfile

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of StandardsProfile from a JSON string
standards_profile_instance = StandardsProfile.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(StandardsProfile.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
standards_profile_dict = standards_profile_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of StandardsProfile from a dict
standards_profile_from_dict = StandardsProfile.from_dict(standards_profile_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


