# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { CompleteAttachmentUploadRequest, CompleteAttachmentUploadResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";

const sdk = new SDK(WithSecurity(
  security: {
    hmac: {
      apiKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
    },
  }
));
    
const req: CompleteAttachmentUploadRequest = {
  headers: {
    xAmzAlgorithm: "ipsa",
    xAmzBearer: "nihil",
    xAmzContentSha256: "sed",
    xAmzCredential: "autem",
    xAmzDate: "consequatur",
    xAmzSecurityToken: "vitae",
    xAmzSignature: "vel",
    xAmzSignedHeaders: "assumenda",
  },
  request: {
    attachmentIds: [
      "ad",
      "eum",
      "voluptatem",
    ],
    clientToken: "optio",
  },
};

sdk.sdk.completeAttachmentUpload(req).then((res: CompleteAttachmentUploadResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `completeAttachmentUpload` - Allows you to confirm that the attachment has been uploaded using the pre-signed URL provided in StartAttachmentUpload API. 
* `createParticipantConnection` - <p>Creates the participant's connection. Note that ParticipantToken is used for invoking this API instead of ConnectionToken.</p> <p>The participant token is valid for the lifetime of the participant – until they are part of a contact.</p> <p>The response URL for <code>WEBSOCKET</code> Type has a connect expiry timeout of 100s. Clients must manually connect to the returned websocket URL and subscribe to the desired topic. </p> <p>For chat, you need to publish the following on the established websocket connection:</p> <p> <code>{"topic":"aws/subscribe","content":{"topics":["aws/chat"]}}</code> </p> <p>Upon websocket URL expiry, as specified in the response ConnectionExpiry parameter, clients need to call this API again to obtain a new websocket URL and perform the same steps as before.</p> <note> <p>The Amazon Connect Participant Service APIs do not use <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-4.html">Signature Version 4 authentication</a>.</p> </note>
* `disconnectParticipant` - <p>Disconnects a participant. Note that ConnectionToken is used for invoking this API instead of ParticipantToken.</p> <p>The Amazon Connect Participant Service APIs do not use <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-4.html">Signature Version 4 authentication</a>.</p>
* `getAttachment` - Provides a pre-signed URL for download of a completed attachment. This is an asynchronous API for use with active contacts.
* `getTranscript` - <p>Retrieves a transcript of the session, including details about any attachments. Note that ConnectionToken is used for invoking this API instead of ParticipantToken.</p> <p>The Amazon Connect Participant Service APIs do not use <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-4.html">Signature Version 4 authentication</a>.</p>
* `sendEvent` - <p>Sends an event. Note that ConnectionToken is used for invoking this API instead of ParticipantToken.</p> <p>The Amazon Connect Participant Service APIs do not use <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-4.html">Signature Version 4 authentication</a>.</p>
* `sendMessage` - <p>Sends a message. Note that ConnectionToken is used for invoking this API instead of ParticipantToken.</p> <note> <p>The Amazon Connect Participant Service APIs do not use <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signature-version-4.html">Signature Version 4 authentication</a>.</p> </note>
* `startAttachmentUpload` - Provides a pre-signed Amazon S3 URL in response for uploading the file directly to S3.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
