# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { InvokeEndpointRequest, InvokeEndpointResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";

const sdk = new SDK(WithSecurity(
  security: {
    hmac: {
      apiKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
    },
  }
));
    
const req: InvokeEndpointRequest = {
  pathParams: {
    endpointName: "illo",
  },
  headers: {
    accept: "aut",
    contentType: "omnis",
    xAmzAlgorithm: "eos",
    xAmzContentSha256: "dolore",
    xAmzCredential: "aut",
    xAmzDate: "dolor",
    xAmzSecurityToken: "ea",
    xAmzSignature: "doloremque",
    xAmzSignedHeaders: "sit",
    xAmznSageMakerCustomAttributes: "aspernatur",
    xAmznSageMakerInferenceId: "iste",
    xAmznSageMakerTargetContainerHostname: "voluptatibus",
    xAmznSageMakerTargetModel: "ea",
    xAmznSageMakerTargetVariant: "tempora",
  },
  request: {
    body: "quis",
  },
};

sdk.sdk.invokeEndpoint(req).then((res: InvokeEndpointResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `invokeEndpoint` - <p>After you deploy a model into production using Amazon SageMaker hosting services, your client applications use this API to get inferences from the model hosted at the specified endpoint. </p> <p>For an overview of Amazon SageMaker, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/how-it-works.html">How It Works</a>. </p> <p>Amazon SageMaker strips all POST headers except those supported by the API. Amazon SageMaker might add additional headers. You should not rely on the behavior of headers outside those enumerated in the request syntax. </p> <p>Calls to <code>InvokeEndpoint</code> are authenticated by using AWS Signature Version 4. For information, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/sig-v4-authenticating-requests.html">Authenticating Requests (AWS Signature Version 4)</a> in the <i>Amazon S3 API Reference</i>.</p> <p>A customer's model containers must respond to requests within 60 seconds. The model itself can have a maximum processing time of 60 seconds before responding to invocations. If your model is going to take 50-60 seconds of processing time, the SDK socket timeout should be set to be 70 seconds.</p> <note> <p>Endpoints are scoped to an individual account, and are not public. The URL does not contain the account ID, but Amazon SageMaker determines the account ID from the authentication token that is supplied by the caller.</p> </note>
* `invokeEndpointAsync` - <p>After you deploy a model into production using Amazon SageMaker hosting services, your client applications use this API to get inferences from the model hosted at the specified endpoint in an asynchronous manner.</p> <p>Inference requests sent to this API are enqueued for asynchronous processing. The processing of the inference request may or may not complete before the you receive a response from this API. The response from this API will not contain the result of the inference request but contain information about where you can locate it.</p> <p>Amazon SageMaker strips all <code>POST</code> headers except those supported by the API. Amazon SageMaker might add additional headers. You should not rely on the behavior of headers outside those enumerated in the request syntax.</p> <p>Calls to <code>InvokeEndpointAsync</code> are authenticated by using AWS Signature Version 4. For information, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/API/sig-v4-authenticating-requests.html">Authenticating Requests (AWS Signature Version 4)</a> in the <i>Amazon S3 API Reference</i>.</p>

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
