# GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessage

Represents a response message that can be returned by a conversational agent. Response messages are also used for output audio synthesis. The approach is as follows: * If at least one OutputAudioText response is present, then all OutputAudioText responses are linearly concatenated, and the result is used for output audio synthesis. * If the OutputAudioText responses are a mixture of text and SSML, then the concatenated result is treated as SSML; otherwise, the result is treated as either text or SSML as appropriate. The agent designer should ideally use either text or SSML consistently throughout the bot design. * Otherwise, all Text responses are linearly concatenated, and the result is used for output audio synthesis. This approach allows for more sophisticated user experience scenarios, where the text displayed to the user may differ from what is heard.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**channel** | **str** | The channel which the response is associated with. Clients can specify the channel via QueryParameters.channel, and only associated channel response will be returned. | [optional] 
**conversation_success** | [**GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessageConversationSuccess**](GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessageConversationSuccess.md) |  | [optional] 
**end_interaction** | **object** | Indicates that interaction with the Dialogflow agent has ended. This message is generated by Dialogflow only and not supposed to be defined by the user. | [optional] 
**knowledge_info_card** | **object** | Represents info card response. If the response contains generative knowledge prediction, Dialogflow will return a payload with Infobot Messenger compatible info card. Otherwise, the info card response is skipped. | [optional] 
**live_agent_handoff** | [**GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessageLiveAgentHandoff**](GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessageLiveAgentHandoff.md) |  | [optional] 
**mixed_audio** | [**GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessageMixedAudio**](GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessageMixedAudio.md) |  | [optional] 
**output_audio_text** | [**GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessageOutputAudioText**](GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessageOutputAudioText.md) |  | [optional] 
**payload** | **Dict[str, object]** | Returns a response containing a custom, platform-specific payload. | [optional] 
**play_audio** | [**GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessagePlayAudio**](GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessagePlayAudio.md) |  | [optional] 
**telephony_transfer_call** | [**GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessageTelephonyTransferCall**](GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessageTelephonyTransferCall.md) |  | [optional] 
**text** | [**GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessageText**](GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessageText.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3beta1_response_message import GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessage

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessage from a JSON string
google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3beta1_response_message_instance = GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessage.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessage.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3beta1_response_message_dict = google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3beta1_response_message_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessage from a dict
google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3beta1_response_message_from_dict = GoogleCloudDialogflowCxV3beta1ResponseMessage.from_dict(google_cloud_dialogflow_cx_v3beta1_response_message_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


