# EphemeralIdRegistration

Write-only registration parameters for beacons using Eddystone-EID format. Two ways of securely registering an Eddystone-EID beacon with the service are supported: 1. Perform an ECDH key exchange via this API, including a previous call to `GET /v1beta1/eidparams`. In this case the fields `beacon_ecdh_public_key` and `service_ecdh_public_key` should be populated and `beacon_identity_key` should not be populated. This method ensures that only the two parties in the ECDH key exchange can compute the identity key, which becomes a secret between them. 2. Derive or obtain the beacon's identity key via other secure means (perhaps an ECDH key exchange between the beacon and a mobile device or any other secure method), and then submit the resulting identity key to the service. In this case `beacon_identity_key` field should be populated, and neither of `beacon_ecdh_public_key` nor `service_ecdh_public_key` fields should be. The security of this method depends on how securely the parties involved (in particular the bluetooth client) handle the identity key, and obviously on how securely the identity key was generated. See [the Eddystone specification](https://github.com/google/eddystone/tree/master/eddystone-eid) at GitHub.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**beacon_ecdh_public_key** | **bytearray** | The beacon&#39;s public key used for the Elliptic curve Diffie-Hellman key exchange. When this field is populated, &#x60;service_ecdh_public_key&#x60; must also be populated, and &#x60;beacon_identity_key&#x60; must not be. | [optional] 
**beacon_identity_key** | **bytearray** | The private key of the beacon. If this field is populated, &#x60;beacon_ecdh_public_key&#x60; and &#x60;service_ecdh_public_key&#x60; must not be populated. | [optional] 
**initial_clock_value** | **str** | The initial clock value of the beacon. The beacon&#39;s clock must have begun counting at this value immediately prior to transmitting this value to the resolving service. Significant delay in transmitting this value to the service risks registration or resolution failures. If a value is not provided, the default is zero. | [optional] 
**initial_eid** | **bytearray** | An initial ephemeral ID calculated using the clock value submitted as &#x60;initial_clock_value&#x60;, and the secret key generated by the Diffie-Hellman key exchange using &#x60;service_ecdh_public_key&#x60; and &#x60;service_ecdh_public_key&#x60;. This initial EID value will be used by the service to confirm that the key exchange process was successful. | [optional] 
**rotation_period_exponent** | **int** | Indicates the nominal period between each rotation of the beacon&#39;s ephemeral ID. \&quot;Nominal\&quot; because the beacon should randomize the actual interval. See [the spec at github](https://github.com/google/eddystone/tree/master/eddystone-eid) for details. This value corresponds to a power-of-two scaler on the beacon&#39;s clock: when the scaler value is K, the beacon will begin broadcasting a new ephemeral ID on average every 2^K seconds. | [optional] 
**service_ecdh_public_key** | **bytearray** | The service&#39;s public key used for the Elliptic curve Diffie-Hellman key exchange. When this field is populated, &#x60;beacon_ecdh_public_key&#x60; must also be populated, and &#x60;beacon_identity_key&#x60; must not be. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.ephemeral_id_registration import EphemeralIdRegistration

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of EphemeralIdRegistration from a JSON string
ephemeral_id_registration_instance = EphemeralIdRegistration.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(EphemeralIdRegistration.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
ephemeral_id_registration_dict = ephemeral_id_registration_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of EphemeralIdRegistration from a dict
ephemeral_id_registration_from_dict = EphemeralIdRegistration.from_dict(ephemeral_id_registration_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


