# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
    
req = operations.GetFindInteractionsRequest(
    query_params=operations.GetFindInteractionsQueryParams(
        format="json",
        query="tenetur",
    ),
)
    
res = s.sdk.get_find_interactions(req)

if res.status_code == 200:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `get_find_interactions` - findInteractionsFind interactions defined in WikiPathways pathways.
* `get_find_pathways_by_literature` - findPathwaysByLiterature
* `get_find_pathways_by_text` - findPathwaysByText
* `get_find_pathways_by_xref` - findPathwaysByXref
* `get_get_colored_pathway` - getColoredPathwayGet a colored image version of the pathway.
* `get_get_curation_tag_history` - getCurationTagHistory
* `get_get_curation_tags` - getCurationTagsGet all curation tags for the given tag name. Use this method if you want to find all pathways that are tagged with a specific curation tag.
* `get_get_curation_tags_by_name` - getCurationTagsByNameGet all curation tags for the given tag name. Use this method if you want to find all pathways that are tagged with a specific curation tag.
* `get_get_ontology_terms_by_pathway` - getOntologyTermsByPathway
* `get_get_pathway` - getPathway
* `get_get_pathway_as` - getPathwayAsDownload a pathway in the specified file format.
* `get_get_pathway_history` - getPathwayHistoryGet the revision history of a pathway.
* `get_get_pathway_info` - getPathwayInfoGet some general info about the pathway, such as the name, species, without downloading the GPML.
* `get_get_pathways_by_ontology_term` - getPathwaysByOntologyTerm
* `get_get_pathways_by_parent_ontology_term` - getPathwaysByParentOntologyTerm
* `get_get_recent_changes` - getRecentChangesGet the recently changed pathways.<br>Note: the recent changes table only retains items for a limited time (2 months), so there is no guarantee that you will get all changes when the timestamp points to a date that is more than 2 months in the past.
* `get_get_user_by_orcid` - getUserByOrcid
* `get_get_xref_list` - getXrefList
* `get_list_organisms` - listOrganisms
* `get_list_pathways` - listPathways
* `get_login` - loginStart a logged in session, using an existing WikiPathways account. This function will return an authentication code that can be used to excecute methods that need authentication (e.g. updatePathway).
* `get_remove_curation_tag` - removeCurationTagRemove a curation tag from a pathway.
* `get_remove_ontology_tag` - removeOntologyTag
* `get_save_curation_tag` - saveCurationTag
* `get_save_ontology_tag` - saveOntologyTag
* `get_update_pathway` - updatePathwayUpdate a pathway on the wiki with the given GPML code.<br>Note: To create/modify pathways via the web service, you need to have an account with web service write permissions. Please contact us to request write access for the web service.
* `post_create_pathway` - createPathwayCreate a new pathway on the wiki with the given GPML code.<br>Note: To create/modify pathways via the web service, you need to have an account with web service write permissions. Please contact us to request write access for the web service.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
