# openapi-client
The Locations API provides access to MasterCard's ATM and Merchant location database

This Python package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen

## Requirements.

Python 3.7+

## Installation & Usage
### pip install

If the python package is hosted on a repository, you can install directly using:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git`)

Then import the package:
```python
import openapi_client
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python
import openapi_client
```

### Tests

Execute `pytest` to run the tests.

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python

import openapi_client
from openapi_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# Defining the host is optional and defaults to https://api.mastercard.com
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = openapi_client.Configuration(
    host = "https://api.mastercard.com"
)



# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with openapi_client.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = openapi_client.ATMCountriesApi(api_client)

    try:
        # Returns countries with valid ATM locations.
        api_response = api_instance.atms_v1_country_get()
        print("The response of ATMCountriesApi->atms_v1_country_get:\n")
        pprint(api_response)
    except ApiException as e:
        print("Exception when calling ATMCountriesApi->atms_v1_country_get: %s\n" % e)

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.mastercard.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*ATMCountriesApi* | [**atms_v1_country_get**](docs/ATMCountriesApi.md#atms_v1_country_get) | **GET** /atms/v1/country | Returns countries with valid ATM locations.
*ATMCountrySubdivisionsApi* | [**atms_v1_countrysubdivision_get**](docs/ATMCountrySubdivisionsApi.md#atms_v1_countrysubdivision_get) | **GET** /atms/v1/countrysubdivision | Returns country subdivisions that have ATM locations.  A country subdivision is a segment within a country (ex  state or province). Country subdivisions are only available for the US and Canada.
*ATMLocationsApi* | [**atms_v1_atm_get**](docs/ATMLocationsApi.md#atms_v1_atm_get) | **GET** /atms/v1/atm | Returns detailed information about an ATM location.  This information can be used to display ATMs on a map, provide driving directions, or show special ATM features.
*MerchantCategoriesApi* | [**merchants_v1_category_get**](docs/MerchantCategoriesApi.md#merchants_v1_category_get) | **GET** /merchants/v1/category | Returns a list of all merchant categories for contactless and cash back merchants (example:  Airline, Retail, etc.). 
*MerchantCountriesApi* | [**merchants_v1_country_get**](docs/MerchantCountriesApi.md#merchants_v1_country_get) | **GET** /merchants/v1/country | Returns countries that have Merchants offering the following services: accept contactless-enabled cards and devices, allow customers to add money to an eligible MasterCard or Maestro prepaid card, issue MasterCard Prepaid Travel cards, offer cash at checkout when paying with a Debit MasterCard or Maestro Card. 
*MerchantCountrySubdivisionsApi* | [**merchants_v1_countrysubdivision_get**](docs/MerchantCountrySubdivisionsApi.md#merchants_v1_countrysubdivision_get) | **GET** /merchants/v1/countrysubdivision | Returns country subdivisions that have Merchants offering the following services: accept contactless-enabled cards and devices, allow customers to add money to an eligible MasterCard or Maestro prepaid card, issue MasterCard Prepaid Travel cards, offer cash at checkout when paying with a Debit MasterCard or Maestro Card. A country subdivision is a segment within a country (ex  state or province).  Please note country subdivisions are only available for the US and Canada. 
*MerchantLocationsApi* | [**merchants_v1_merchant_get**](docs/MerchantLocationsApi.md#merchants_v1_merchant_get) | **GET** /merchants/v1/merchant | Returns merchant location information for merchants offering the following services: accept contactless-enabled cards and devices, allow customers to add money to an eligible MasterCard or Maestro prepaid card, issue MasterCard Prepaid Travel cards, participate in the MasterCard Easy Savings program, and offer cash at checkout when paying with a Debit MasterCard or Maestro Card. 


## Documentation For Models

 - [Acceptance](docs/Acceptance.md)
 - [Address](docs/Address.md)
 - [Atm](docs/Atm.md)
 - [Atms](docs/Atms.md)
 - [AtmsResponse](docs/AtmsResponse.md)
 - [Cashback](docs/Cashback.md)
 - [Categories](docs/Categories.md)
 - [CategoriesResponse](docs/CategoriesResponse.md)
 - [Countries](docs/Countries.md)
 - [CountriesResponse](docs/CountriesResponse.md)
 - [Country](docs/Country.md)
 - [CountrySubdivision](docs/CountrySubdivision.md)
 - [CountrySubdivisionResponse](docs/CountrySubdivisionResponse.md)
 - [CountrySubdivisions](docs/CountrySubdivisions.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [Errors](docs/Errors.md)
 - [Features](docs/Features.md)
 - [Location](docs/Location.md)
 - [LocationType](docs/LocationType.md)
 - [Merchant](docs/Merchant.md)
 - [Merchants](docs/Merchants.md)
 - [MerchantsResponse](docs/MerchantsResponse.md)
 - [PayPass](docs/PayPass.md)
 - [Point](docs/Point.md)
 - [Products](docs/Products.md)
 - [RePower](docs/RePower.md)
 - [Topup](docs/Topup.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author




