# Pool


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**auto_restart** | **bool** | Whether replicas in this pool should be restarted if they experience a failure. The default value is true. | [optional] 
**base_instance_name** | **str** | The base instance name to use for the replicas in this pool. This must match the regex [a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?. If specified, the instances in this replica pool will be named in the format &lt;base-instance-name&gt;-&lt;ID&gt;. The &lt;ID&gt; postfix will be a four character alphanumeric identifier generated by the service.  If this is not specified by the user, a random base instance name is generated by the service. | [optional] 
**current_num_replicas** | **int** | [Output Only] The current number of replicas in the pool. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | An optional description of the replica pool. | [optional] 
**health_checks** | [**List[HealthCheck]**](HealthCheck.md) | Deprecated. Please use template[].healthChecks instead. | [optional] 
**initial_num_replicas** | **int** | The initial number of replicas this pool should have. You must provide a value greater than or equal to 0. | [optional] 
**labels** | [**List[Label]**](Label.md) | A list of labels to attach to this replica pool and all created virtual machines in this replica pool. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The name of the replica pool. Must follow the regex [a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])? and be 1-28 characters long. | [optional] 
**num_replicas** | **int** | Deprecated! Use initial_num_replicas instead. | [optional] 
**resource_views** | **List[str]** | The list of resource views that should be updated with all the replicas that are managed by this pool. | [optional] 
**self_link** | **str** | [Output Only] A self-link to the replica pool. | [optional] 
**target_pool** | **str** | Deprecated, please use target_pools instead. | [optional] 
**target_pools** | **List[str]** | A list of target pools to update with the replicas that are managed by this pool. If specified, the replicas in this replica pool will be added to the specified target pools for load balancing purposes. The replica pool must live in the same region as the specified target pools. These values must be the target pool resource names, and not fully qualified URLs. | [optional] 
**template** | [**Template**](Template.md) |  | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | Deprecated! Do not set. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.pool import Pool

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Pool from a JSON string
pool_instance = Pool.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Pool.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
pool_dict = pool_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Pool from a dict
pool_from_dict = Pool.from_dict(pool_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


