# DatabaseEntity

The base entity type for all the database related entities. The message contains the entity name, the name of its parent, the entity type, and the specific details per entity type.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**database** | [**DatabaseInstanceEntity**](DatabaseInstanceEntity.md) |  | [optional] 
**database_function** | [**FunctionEntity**](FunctionEntity.md) |  | [optional] 
**database_package** | [**PackageEntity**](PackageEntity.md) |  | [optional] 
**entity_ddl** | [**List[EntityDdl]**](EntityDdl.md) | Details about the entity DDL script. Multiple DDL scripts are provided for child entities such as a table entity will have one DDL for the table with additional DDLs for each index, constraint and such. | [optional] 
**entity_type** | **str** | The type of the database entity (table, view, index, ...). | [optional] 
**issues** | [**List[EntityIssue]**](EntityIssue.md) | Details about the various issues found for the entity. | [optional] 
**mappings** | [**List[EntityMapping]**](EntityMapping.md) | Details about entity mappings. For source tree entities, this holds the draft entities which were generated by the mapping rules. For draft tree entities, this holds the source entities which were converted to form the draft entity. Destination entities will have no mapping details. | [optional] 
**materialized_view** | [**MaterializedViewEntity**](MaterializedViewEntity.md) |  | [optional] 
**parent_entity** | **str** | The full name of the parent entity (e.g. schema name). | [optional] 
**var_schema** | [**SchemaEntity**](SchemaEntity.md) |  | [optional] 
**sequence** | [**SequenceEntity**](SequenceEntity.md) |  | [optional] 
**short_name** | **str** | The short name (e.g. table name) of the entity. | [optional] 
**stored_procedure** | [**StoredProcedureEntity**](StoredProcedureEntity.md) |  | [optional] 
**synonym** | [**SynonymEntity**](SynonymEntity.md) |  | [optional] 
**table** | [**TableEntity**](TableEntity.md) |  | [optional] 
**tree** | **str** | The type of tree the entity belongs to. | [optional] 
**udt** | [**UDTEntity**](UDTEntity.md) |  | [optional] 
**view** | [**ViewEntity**](ViewEntity.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.database_entity import DatabaseEntity

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of DatabaseEntity from a JSON string
database_entity_instance = DatabaseEntity.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(DatabaseEntity.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
database_entity_dict = database_entity_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of DatabaseEntity from a dict
database_entity_from_dict = DatabaseEntity.from_dict(database_entity_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


