# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { GetRestMethodEqualFlickrGroupsPoolsGetContextRequest, GetRestMethodEqualFlickrGroupsPoolsGetContextResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";


const sdk = new SDK();
    
const req: GetRestMethodEqualFlickrGroupsPoolsGetContextRequest = {
  queryParams: {
    apiKey: "pariatur",
    groupId: "tenetur",
    photoId: "incidunt",
  },
};

sdk.sdk.getRestMethodEqualFlickrGroupsPoolsGetContext(req).then((res: GetRestMethodEqualFlickrGroupsPoolsGetContextResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `getRestMethodEqualFlickrGroupsPoolsGetContext` - Returns next and previous photos for a photo in a group pool
* `echo` - Echos the input parameters back in the response
* `getAccessToken` - Returns an access token
* `getAlbumById` - Returns a list of photos in an album.
* `getAlbumContextById` - Returns next and previous photos for a photo in a set
* `getAlbumsByPersonId` - Returns the albums belonging to the specified user
* `getFavoritesByPersonId` - Returns a list of the user's favorite photos. Only photos which the calling user has permission to see are returned.
* `getFavoritesContextById` - Returns next and previous favorites for a photo in a user's favorites
* `getGalleryPhotosById` - Returns a list of photos in a gallery.
* `getGroupById` - Get information about a group
* `getGroupDiscussionsById` - Get a list of discussion topics in a group.
* `getGroupPhotosById` - Returns a list of pool photos for a given group
* `getGroupTopicById` - Get information about a group discussion topic
* `getGroupTopicRepliesById` - Get information on a group topic reply
* `getLicenseById` - Fetches a list of available photo licenses for Flickr
* `getMediaByPersonId` - Return photos from the given user's photostream
* `getMediaBySearch` - Return a list of photos matching some criteria.
* `getPersonById` - Returns a person
* `getPhotoById` - Returns a photo
* `getPhotoExifById` - Retrieves a list of EXIF/TIFF/GPS tags for a given photo. The calling user must have permission to view the photo.
* `getPhotoSizesById` - Returns photo sizes
* `getPhotolistContextById` - Returns next and previous photos in a photo list
* `getPhotostreamContextById` - Returns next and previous photos for a photo in a photostream
* `getRequestToken` - Returns an oauth token and oauth token secret
* `uploadPhoto` - Uploads a new photo to Flickr

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
