# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    opts := []sdk.SDKOption{
        sdk.WithSecurity(
            shared.Security{
                Hmac: shared.SchemeHmac{
                    APIKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
                },
            }
        ),
    }

    s := sdk.New(opts...)
    
    req := operations.CancelContactRequest{
        PathParams: operations.CancelContactPathParams{
            ContactID: "error",
        },
        Headers: operations.CancelContactHeaders{
            XAmzAlgorithm: "dolores",
            XAmzContentSha256: "non",
            XAmzCredential: "aspernatur",
            XAmzDate: "rem",
            XAmzSecurityToken: "vel",
            XAmzSignature: "eum",
            XAmzSignedHeaders: "at",
        },
    }
    
    res, err := s.Sdk.CancelContact(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.ContactIDResponse != nil {
        // handle response
    }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `CancelContact` - Cancels a contact with a specified contact ID.
* `CreateConfig` - <p>Creates a <code>Config</code> with the specified <code>configData</code> parameters.</p> <p>Only one type of <code>configData</code> can be specified.</p>
* `CreateDataflowEndpointGroup` - <p>Creates a <code>DataflowEndpoint</code> group containing the specified list of <code>DataflowEndpoint</code> objects.</p> <p>The <code>name</code> field in each endpoint is used in your mission profile <code>DataflowEndpointConfig</code> to specify which endpoints to use during a contact.</p> <p>When a contact uses multiple <code>DataflowEndpointConfig</code> objects, each <code>Config</code> must match a <code>DataflowEndpoint</code> in the same group.</p>
* `CreateMissionProfile` - <p>Creates a mission profile.</p> <p> <code>dataflowEdges</code> is a list of lists of strings. Each lower level list of strings has two elements: a <i>from</i> ARN and a <i>to</i> ARN.</p>
* `DeleteConfig` - Deletes a <code>Config</code>.
* `DeleteDataflowEndpointGroup` - Deletes a dataflow endpoint group.
* `DeleteMissionProfile` - Deletes a mission profile.
* `DescribeContact` - Describes an existing contact.
* `GetConfig` - <p>Returns <code>Config</code> information.</p> <p>Only one <code>Config</code> response can be returned.</p>
* `GetDataflowEndpointGroup` - Returns the dataflow endpoint group.
* `GetMinuteUsage` - Returns the number of minutes used by account.
* `GetMissionProfile` - Returns a mission profile.
* `GetSatellite` - Returns a satellite.
* `ListConfigs` - Returns a list of <code>Config</code> objects.
* `ListContacts` - <p>Returns a list of contacts.</p> <p>If <code>statusList</code> contains AVAILABLE, the request must include <code>groundStation</code>, <code>missionprofileArn</code>, and <code>satelliteArn</code>. </p>
* `ListDataflowEndpointGroups` - Returns a list of <code>DataflowEndpoint</code> groups.
* `ListGroundStations` - Returns a list of ground stations. 
* `ListMissionProfiles` - Returns a list of mission profiles.
* `ListSatellites` - Returns a list of satellites.
* `ListTagsForResource` - Returns a list of tags for a specified resource.
* `ReserveContact` - Reserves a contact using specified parameters.
* `TagResource` - Assigns a tag to a resource.
* `UntagResource` - Deassigns a resource tag.
* `UpdateConfig` - <p>Updates the <code>Config</code> used when scheduling contacts.</p> <p>Updating a <code>Config</code> will not update the execution parameters for existing future contacts scheduled with this <code>Config</code>.</p>
* `UpdateMissionProfile` - <p>Updates a mission profile.</p> <p>Updating a mission profile will not update the execution parameters for existing future contacts.</p>

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
