# openapi-client
ScrapeWebsiteEmail is a service that exposes an api to fetch e-mails from a website.

This Python package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 0.1
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen

## Requirements.

Python 3.7+

## Installation & Usage
### pip install

If the python package is hosted on a repository, you can install directly using:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git`)

Then import the package:
```python
import openapi_client
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python
import openapi_client
```

### Tests

Execute `pytest` to run the tests.

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python

import openapi_client
from openapi_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# Defining the host is optional and defaults to http://scrapewebsite.email
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = openapi_client.Configuration(
    host = "http://scrapewebsite.email"
)



# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with openapi_client.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = openapi_client.PingApi(api_client)

    try:
        # Returns whether the system is up.
        api_instance.g_etv1_ping_format()
    except ApiException as e:
        print("Exception when calling PingApi->g_etv1_ping_format: %s\n" % e)

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://scrapewebsite.email*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*PingApi* | [**g_etv1_ping_format**](docs/PingApi.md#g_etv1_ping_format) | **GET** /v1/ping.json | Returns whether the system is up.
*ScrapeEmailsApi* | [**g_etv1_scrape_emails_format**](docs/ScrapeEmailsApi.md#g_etv1_scrape_emails_format) | **GET** /v1/scrape_emails.json | Returns a list of emails scraped by priority (ie. e-mails appear on top level pages are first). Please note that subsequent calls to the same url will be fetched from the &lt;b&gt;cache&lt;/b&gt; (14 day flush). &lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Will also parse patterns such as hello[at]site.com, hello[at]site[dot]com, hello(at)site.com, hello(at)site(dot)com, hello @ site.com, hello @ site . com. &lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Please do note we cannot parse sites that require a login (for now), so for some Facebook pages it is not possible at the moment to fetch the e-mail.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Finally, please note that the api will fetch links for up to 2 minutes. After that time it will start analysing the pages which have been scraped. &lt;b&gt;Therefore&lt;/b&gt; please ensure that your client has a timeout of at least &lt;b&gt;150 seconds&lt;/b&gt; (2 mins to fetch and the rest to parse). &lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Please note&lt;/b&gt; that due to the fact that the api goes out to fetch the pages, the server allows only 1 concurrent request/ip. Requests which are made while the 1 request is still processing will result in a 429 code.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;b&gt;Please note&lt;/b&gt; that as of May 25, 2014, the main mechanism of tracking usage will be done via Mashape. You can get the free calls by signing up with the FREE plan.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;Please visit &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://www.mashape.com/tommytcchan/scrape-website-email&#39;&gt;https://www.mashape.com/tommytcchan/scrape-website-email&lt;/a&gt;.&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;b&gt;There is now a limit of 5 requests per day using this sample interface.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;br/&gt;&lt;br/&gt;
*ScrapeStoreLinksApi* | [**g_etv1_scrape_store_links_format**](docs/ScrapeStoreLinksApi.md#g_etv1_scrape_store_links_format) | **GET** /v1/scrape_store_links.json | Attempts to grab the google store url or the ios store url for a site, after searching through the site.


## Documentation For Models



<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author




