# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New()
    
    req := operations.SecretmanagerProjectsLocationsListRequest{
        Security: operations.SecretmanagerProjectsLocationsListSecurity{
            Oauth2: shared.SchemeOauth2{
                Authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
            }
            Oauth2c: shared.SchemeOauth2c{
                Authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
            },
        },
        PathParams: operations.SecretmanagerProjectsLocationsListPathParams{
            Name: "occaecati",
        },
        QueryParams: operations.SecretmanagerProjectsLocationsListQueryParams{
            DollarXgafv: "1",
            AccessToken: "rerum",
            Alt: "proto",
            Callback: "ipsa",
            Fields: "quod",
            Filter: "id",
            Key: "esse",
            OauthToken: "tempore",
            PageSize: 9151008885526110627,
            PageToken: "qui",
            PrettyPrint: true,
            QuotaUser: "quis",
            UploadType: "temporibus",
            UploadProtocol: "rem",
        },
    }
    
    res, err := s.Projects.SecretmanagerProjectsLocationsList(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.ListLocationsResponse != nil {
        // handle response
    }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### projects

* `SecretmanagerProjectsLocationsList` - Lists information about the supported locations for this service.
* `SecretmanagerProjectsSecretsAddVersion` - Creates a new SecretVersion containing secret data and attaches it to an existing Secret.
* `SecretmanagerProjectsSecretsCreate` - Creates a new Secret containing no SecretVersions.
* `SecretmanagerProjectsSecretsDelete` - Deletes a Secret.
* `SecretmanagerProjectsSecretsGetIamPolicy` - Gets the access control policy for a secret. Returns empty policy if the secret exists and does not have a policy set.
* `SecretmanagerProjectsSecretsList` - Lists Secrets.
* `SecretmanagerProjectsSecretsPatch` - Updates metadata of an existing Secret.
* `SecretmanagerProjectsSecretsSetIamPolicy` - Sets the access control policy on the specified secret. Replaces any existing policy. Permissions on SecretVersions are enforced according to the policy set on the associated Secret.
* `SecretmanagerProjectsSecretsTestIamPermissions` - Returns permissions that a caller has for the specified secret. If the secret does not exist, this call returns an empty set of permissions, not a NOT_FOUND error. Note: This operation is designed to be used for building permission-aware UIs and command-line tools, not for authorization checking. This operation may "fail open" without warning.
* `SecretmanagerProjectsSecretsVersionsAccess` - Accesses a SecretVersion. This call returns the secret data. `projects/*/secrets/*/versions/latest` is an alias to the `latest` SecretVersion.
* `SecretmanagerProjectsSecretsVersionsDestroy` - Destroys a SecretVersion. Sets the state of the SecretVersion to DESTROYED and irrevocably destroys the secret data.
* `SecretmanagerProjectsSecretsVersionsDisable` - Disables a SecretVersion. Sets the state of the SecretVersion to DISABLED.
* `SecretmanagerProjectsSecretsVersionsEnable` - Enables a SecretVersion. Sets the state of the SecretVersion to ENABLED.
* `SecretmanagerProjectsSecretsVersionsGet` - Gets metadata for a SecretVersion. `projects/*/secrets/*/versions/latest` is an alias to the `latest` SecretVersion.
* `SecretmanagerProjectsSecretsVersionsList` - Lists SecretVersions. This call does not return secret data.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
