# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { AssociateServiceQuotaTemplateRequest, AssociateServiceQuotaTemplateResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";

const sdk = new SDK(WithSecurity(
  security: {
    hmac: {
      apiKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
    },
  }
));
    
const req: AssociateServiceQuotaTemplateRequest = {
  headers: {
    xAmzAlgorithm: "ut",
    xAmzContentSha256: "et",
    xAmzCredential: "est",
    xAmzDate: "consectetur",
    xAmzSecurityToken: "dignissimos",
    xAmzSignature: "ut",
    xAmzSignedHeaders: "et",
    xAmzTarget: "ServiceQuotasV20190624.AssociateServiceQuotaTemplate",
  },
  request: {
    "veritatis": "molestiae",
    "ad": "aut",
    "esse": "rerum",
  },
};

sdk.sdk.associateServiceQuotaTemplate(req).then((res: AssociateServiceQuotaTemplateResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `associateServiceQuotaTemplate` - Associates your quota request template with your organization. When a new account is created in your organization, the quota increase requests in the template are automatically applied to the account. You can add a quota increase request for any adjustable quota to your template.
* `deleteServiceQuotaIncreaseRequestFromTemplate` - Deletes the quota increase request for the specified quota from your quota request template.
* `disassociateServiceQuotaTemplate` - Disables your quota request template. After a template is disabled, the quota increase requests in the template are not applied to new accounts in your organization. Disabling a quota request template does not apply its quota increase requests.
* `getAwsDefaultServiceQuota` - Retrieves the default value for the specified quota. The default value does not reflect any quota increases.
* `getAssociationForServiceQuotaTemplate` - Retrieves the status of the association for the quota request template.
* `getRequestedServiceQuotaChange` - Retrieves information about the specified quota increase request.
* `getServiceQuota` - Retrieves the applied quota value for the specified quota. For some quotas, only the default values are available. If the applied quota value is not available for a quota, the quota is not retrieved.
* `getServiceQuotaIncreaseRequestFromTemplate` - Retrieves information about the specified quota increase request in your quota request template.
* `listAwsDefaultServiceQuotas` - Lists the default values for the quotas for the specified AWS service. A default value does not reflect any quota increases.
* `listRequestedServiceQuotaChangeHistory` - Retrieves the quota increase requests for the specified service.
* `listRequestedServiceQuotaChangeHistoryByQuota` - Retrieves the quota increase requests for the specified quota.
* `listServiceQuotaIncreaseRequestsInTemplate` - Lists the quota increase requests in the specified quota request template.
* `listServiceQuotas` - Lists the applied quota values for the specified AWS service. For some quotas, only the default values are available. If the applied quota value is not available for a quota, the quota is not retrieved.
* `listServices` - Lists the names and codes for the services integrated with Service Quotas.
* `listTagsForResource` - Returns a list of the tags assigned to the specified applied quota.
* `putServiceQuotaIncreaseRequestIntoTemplate` - Adds a quota increase request to your quota request template.
* `requestServiceQuotaIncrease` - Submits a quota increase request for the specified quota.
* `tagResource` - Adds tags to the specified applied quota. You can include one or more tags to add to the quota.
* `untagResource` - Removes tags from the specified applied quota. You can specify one or more tags to remove.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
