# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New()
    
    req := operations.CreatorRolesListRequest{
        QueryParams: operations.CreatorRolesListQueryParams{
            Page: 7348434050736803316,
            PageSize: 8602515491234131430,
        },
    }
    
    res, err := s.Sdk.CreatorRolesList(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.CreatorRolesList200ApplicationJSONObject != nil {
        // handle response
    }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `CreatorRolesList` - Get a list of creator positions (jobs).
* `CreatorsList` - Get a list of game creators.
* `CreatorsRead` - Get details of the creator.
* `DevelopersList` - Get a list of game developers.
* `DevelopersRead` - Get details of the developer.
* `GamesAchievementsRead` - Get a list of game achievements.
* `GamesAdditionsList` - Get a list of DLC's for the game, GOTY and other editions, companion apps, etc.
* `GamesDevelopmentTeamList` - Get a list of individual creators that were part of the development team.
* `GamesGameSeriesList` - Get a list of games that are part of the same series.
* `GamesList` - Get a list of games.
* `GamesMoviesRead` - Get a list of game trailers.
* `GamesParentGamesList` - Get a list of parent games for DLC's and editions.
* `GamesRead` - Get details of the game.
* `GamesRedditRead` - Get a list of most recent posts from the game's subreddit.
* `GamesScreenshotsList` - Get screenshots for the game.
* `GamesStoresList` - Get links to the stores that sell the game.
* `GamesSuggestedRead` - Get a list of visually similar games, available only for business and enterprise API users.
* `GamesTwitchRead` - Get streams on Twitch associated with the game, available only for business and enterprise API users.
* `GamesYoutubeRead` - Get videos from YouTube associated with the game, available only for business and enterprise API users.
* `GenresList` - Get a list of video game genres.
* `GenresRead` - Get details of the genre.
* `PlatformsList` - Get a list of video game platforms.
* `PlatformsListsParentsList` - Get a list of parent platforms.
* `PlatformsRead` - Get details of the platform.
* `PublishersList` - Get a list of video game publishers.
* `PublishersRead` - Get details of the publisher.
* `StoresList` - Get a list of video game storefronts.
* `StoresRead` - Get details of the store.
* `TagsList` - Get a list of tags.
* `TagsRead` - Get details of the tag.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
