# Operation

An operation represents a successful mutation performed on a Cloud DNS resource. Operations provide: - An audit log of server resource mutations. - A way to recover/retry API calls in the case where the response is never received by the caller. Use the caller specified client_operation_id.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**dns_key_context** | [**OperationDnsKeyContext**](OperationDnsKeyContext.md) |  | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | Unique identifier for the resource. This is the client_operation_id if the client specified it when the mutation was initiated, otherwise, it is generated by the server. The name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression [-a-z0-9]? (output only) | [optional] 
**kind** | **str** |  | [optional] [default to 'dns#operation']
**start_time** | **str** | The time that this operation was started by the server. This is in RFC3339 text format (output only). | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | Status of the operation. Can be one of the following: \&quot;PENDING\&quot; or \&quot;DONE\&quot; (output only). A status of \&quot;DONE\&quot; means that the request to update the authoritative servers has been sent, but the servers might not be updated yet. | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | Type of the operation. Operations include insert, update, and delete (output only). | [optional] 
**user** | **str** | User who requested the operation, for example: user@example.com. cloud-dns-system for operations automatically done by the system. (output only) | [optional] 
**zone_context** | [**OperationManagedZoneContext**](OperationManagedZoneContext.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.operation import Operation

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Operation from a JSON string
operation_instance = Operation.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Operation.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
operation_dict = operation_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Operation from a dict
operation_from_dict = Operation.from_dict(operation_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


