# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
s.config_security(
    security=shared.Security(
        hmac=shared.SchemeHmac(
            api_key="YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
        ),
    )
)
    
req = operations.AssociateLensesRequest(
    path_params=operations.AssociateLensesPathParams(
        workload_id="sapiente",
    ),
    headers=operations.AssociateLensesHeaders(
        x_amz_algorithm="et",
        x_amz_content_sha256="perferendis",
        x_amz_credential="maiores",
        x_amz_date="est",
        x_amz_security_token="atque",
        x_amz_signature="sint",
        x_amz_signed_headers="vero",
    ),
    request=operations.AssociateLensesRequestBody(
        lens_aliases=[
            "rem",
        ],
    ),
)
    
res = s.sdk.associate_lenses(req)

if res.status_code == 200:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `associate_lenses` - Associate a lens to a workload.
* `create_milestone` - Create a milestone for an existing workload.
* `create_workload` - <p>Create a new workload.</p> <p>The owner of a workload can share the workload with other AWS accounts and IAM users in the same AWS Region. Only the owner of a workload can delete it.</p> <p>For more information, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/userguide/define-workload.html">Defining a Workload</a> in the <i>AWS Well-Architected Tool User Guide</i>.</p>
* `create_workload_share` - <p>Create a workload share.</p> <p>The owner of a workload can share it with other AWS accounts and IAM users in the same AWS Region. Shared access to a workload is not removed until the workload invitation is deleted.</p> <p>For more information, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/userguide/workloads-sharing.html">Sharing a Workload</a> in the <i>AWS Well-Architected Tool User Guide</i>.</p>
* `delete_workload` - Delete an existing workload.
* `delete_workload_share` - Delete a workload share.
* `disassociate_lenses` - <p>Disassociate a lens from a workload.</p> <note> <p>The AWS Well-Architected Framework lens (<code>wellarchitected</code>) cannot be removed from a workload.</p> </note>
* `get_answer` - Get the answer to a specific question in a workload review.
* `get_lens_review` - Get lens review.
* `get_lens_review_report` - Get lens review report.
* `get_lens_version_difference` - Get lens version differences.
* `get_milestone` - Get a milestone for an existing workload.
* `get_workload` - Get an existing workload.
* `list_answers` - List of answers.
* `list_lens_review_improvements` - List lens review improvements.
* `list_lens_reviews` - List lens reviews.
* `list_lenses` - List the available lenses.
* `list_milestones` - List all milestones for an existing workload.
* `list_notifications` - List lens notifications.
* `list_share_invitations` - List the workload invitations.
* `list_tags_for_resource` - List the tags for a resource.
* `list_workload_shares` - List the workload shares associated with the workload.
* `list_workloads` - List workloads. Paginated.
* `tag_resource` - Adds one or more tags to the specified resource.
* `untag_resource` - <p>Deletes specified tags from a resource.</p> <p>To specify multiple tags, use separate <b>tagKeys</b> parameters, for example:</p> <p> <code>DELETE /tags/WorkloadArn?tagKeys=key1&amp;tagKeys=key2</code> </p>
* `update_answer` - Update the answer to a specific question in a workload review.
* `update_lens_review` - Update lens review.
* `update_share_invitation` - Update a workload invitation.
* `update_workload` - Update an existing workload.
* `update_workload_share` - Update a workload share.
* `upgrade_lens_review` - Upgrade lens review.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
