# GenericXdsConfig

GenericXdsConfig is used to specify the config status and the dump of any xDS resource identified by their type URL. It is the generalized version of the now deprecated ListenersConfigDump, ClustersConfigDump etc [#next-free-field: 10]

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**client_status** | **str** | Per xDS resource status from the view of a xDS client | [optional] 
**config_status** | **str** | Per xDS resource config status. It is generated by management servers. It will not be present if the CSDS server is an xDS client. | [optional] 
**error_state** | [**UpdateFailureState**](UpdateFailureState.md) |  | [optional] 
**is_static_resource** | **bool** | Is static resource is true if it is specified in the config supplied through the file at the startup. | [optional] 
**last_updated** | **str** | Timestamp when the xDS resource was last updated | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Name of the xDS resource | [optional] 
**type_url** | **str** | Type_url represents the fully qualified name of xDS resource type like envoy.v3.Cluster, envoy.v3.ClusterLoadAssignment etc. | [optional] 
**version_info** | **str** | This is the :ref:&#x60;version_info &#x60; in the last processed xDS discovery response. If there are only static bootstrap listeners, this field will be \&quot;\&quot; | [optional] 
**xds_config** | **Dict[str, object]** | The xDS resource config. Actual content depends on the type | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.generic_xds_config import GenericXdsConfig

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of GenericXdsConfig from a JSON string
generic_xds_config_instance = GenericXdsConfig.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(GenericXdsConfig.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
generic_xds_config_dict = generic_xds_config_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of GenericXdsConfig from a dict
generic_xds_config_from_dict = GenericXdsConfig.from_dict(generic_xds_config_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


