# LineItem

A single line item.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**advertiser_id** | **str** | Output only. The unique ID of the advertiser the line item belongs to. | [optional] [readonly] 
**bid_strategy** | [**BiddingStrategy**](BiddingStrategy.md) |  | [optional] 
**budget** | [**LineItemBudget**](LineItemBudget.md) |  | [optional] 
**campaign_id** | **str** | Output only. The unique ID of the campaign that the line item belongs to. | [optional] [readonly] 
**conversion_counting** | [**ConversionCountingConfig**](ConversionCountingConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**creative_ids** | **List[str]** | The IDs of the creatives associated with the line item. | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | Required. The display name of the line item. Must be UTF-8 encoded with a maximum size of 240 bytes. | [optional] 
**entity_status** | **str** | Required. Controls whether or not the line item can spend its budget and bid on inventory. * For CreateLineItem method, only &#x60;ENTITY_STATUS_DRAFT&#x60; is allowed. To activate a line item, use UpdateLineItem method and update the status to &#x60;ENTITY_STATUS_ACTIVE&#x60; after creation. * A line item cannot be changed back to &#x60;ENTITY_STATUS_DRAFT&#x60; status from any other status. * If the line item&#39;s parent insertion order is not active, the line item can&#39;t spend its budget even if its own status is &#x60;ENTITY_STATUS_ACTIVE&#x60;. | [optional] 
**exclude_new_exchanges** | **bool** | Whether to exclude new exchanges from automatically being targeted by the line item. This field is false by default. | [optional] 
**flight** | [**LineItemFlight**](LineItemFlight.md) |  | [optional] 
**frequency_cap** | [**FrequencyCap**](FrequencyCap.md) |  | [optional] 
**insertion_order_id** | **str** | Required. Immutable. The unique ID of the insertion order that the line item belongs to. | [optional] 
**integration_details** | [**IntegrationDetails**](IntegrationDetails.md) |  | [optional] 
**line_item_id** | **str** | Output only. The unique ID of the line item. Assigned by the system. | [optional] [readonly] 
**line_item_type** | **str** | Required. Immutable. The type of the line item. | [optional] 
**mobile_app** | [**MobileApp**](MobileApp.md) |  | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Output only. The resource name of the line item. | [optional] [readonly] 
**pacing** | [**Pacing**](Pacing.md) |  | [optional] 
**partner_costs** | [**List[PartnerCost]**](PartnerCost.md) | The partner costs associated with the line item. If absent or empty in CreateLineItem method, the newly created line item will inherit partner costs from its parent insertion order. | [optional] 
**partner_revenue_model** | [**PartnerRevenueModel**](PartnerRevenueModel.md) |  | [optional] 
**reservation_type** | **str** | Output only. The reservation type of the line item. | [optional] [readonly] 
**targeting_expansion** | [**TargetingExpansionConfig**](TargetingExpansionConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**update_time** | **str** | Output only. The timestamp when the line item was last updated. Assigned by the system. | [optional] [readonly] 
**warning_messages** | **List[str]** | Output only. The warning messages generated by the line item. These warnings do not block saving the line item, but some may block the line item from running. | [optional] [readonly] 
**youtube_and_partners_settings** | [**YoutubeAndPartnersSettings**](YoutubeAndPartnersSettings.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.line_item import LineItem

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of LineItem from a JSON string
line_item_instance = LineItem.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(LineItem.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
line_item_dict = line_item_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of LineItem from a dict
line_item_from_dict = LineItem.from_dict(line_item_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


