# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { OrgpolicyOrganizationsCustomConstraintsCreateRequest, OrgpolicyOrganizationsCustomConstraintsCreateResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";


const sdk = new SDK();
    
const req: OrgpolicyOrganizationsCustomConstraintsCreateRequest = {
  security: {
    oauth2: {
      authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
    }
    oauth2c: {
      authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
    },
  },
  pathParams: {
    parent: "et",
  },
  queryParams: {
    dollarXgafv: "1",
    accessToken: "ducimus",
    alt: "media",
    callback: "officia",
    fields: "corporis",
    key: "nobis",
    oauthToken: "nam",
    prettyPrint: true,
    quotaUser: "maxime",
    uploadType: "nisi",
    uploadProtocol: "maiores",
  },
  request: {
    actionType: "ACTION_TYPE_UNSPECIFIED",
    condition: "temporibus",
    description: "ea",
    displayName: "excepturi",
    methodTypes: [
      "CREATE",
      "DELETE",
      "DELETE",
    ],
    name: "quisquam",
    resourceTypes: [
      "et",
      "id",
    ],
  },
};

sdk.organizations.orgpolicyOrganizationsCustomConstraintsCreate(req).then((res: OrgpolicyOrganizationsCustomConstraintsCreateResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### organizations

* `orgpolicyOrganizationsCustomConstraintsCreate` - Creates a CustomConstraint. Returns a `google.rpc.Status` with `google.rpc.Code.NOT_FOUND` if the organization does not exist. Returns a `google.rpc.Status` with `google.rpc.Code.ALREADY_EXISTS` if the constraint already exists on the given organization.
* `orgpolicyOrganizationsCustomConstraintsList` - Retrieves all of the `CustomConstraints` that exist on a particular organization resource.

### projects

* `orgpolicyProjectsConstraintsList` - Lists `Constraints` that could be applied on the specified resource.
* `orgpolicyProjectsPoliciesCreate` - Creates a Policy. Returns a `google.rpc.Status` with `google.rpc.Code.NOT_FOUND` if the constraint does not exist. Returns a `google.rpc.Status` with `google.rpc.Code.ALREADY_EXISTS` if the policy already exists on the given Cloud resource.
* `orgpolicyProjectsPoliciesDelete` - Deletes a Policy. Returns a `google.rpc.Status` with `google.rpc.Code.NOT_FOUND` if the constraint or Org Policy does not exist.
* `orgpolicyProjectsPoliciesGet` - Gets a `Policy` on a resource. If no `Policy` is set on the resource, NOT_FOUND is returned. The `etag` value can be used with `UpdatePolicy()` to update a `Policy` during read-modify-write.
* `orgpolicyProjectsPoliciesGetEffectivePolicy` - Gets the effective `Policy` on a resource. This is the result of merging `Policies` in the resource hierarchy and evaluating conditions. The returned `Policy` will not have an `etag` or `condition` set because it is a computed `Policy` across multiple resources. Subtrees of Resource Manager resource hierarchy with 'under:' prefix will not be expanded.
* `orgpolicyProjectsPoliciesList` - Retrieves all of the `Policies` that exist on a particular resource.
* `orgpolicyProjectsPoliciesPatch` - Updates a Policy. Returns a `google.rpc.Status` with `google.rpc.Code.NOT_FOUND` if the constraint or the policy do not exist. Returns a `google.rpc.Status` with `google.rpc.Code.ABORTED` if the etag supplied in the request does not match the persisted etag of the policy Note: the supplied policy will perform a full overwrite of all fields.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
