# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New()
    
    req := operations.GetNumbersBaseRequest{
        Security: operations.GetNumbersBaseSecurity{
            XMathtoolsAPISecret: shared.SchemeXMathtoolsAPISecret{
                APIKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
            },
        },
        QueryParams: operations.GetNumbersBaseQueryParams{
            From: 728171767558320508,
            Number: 4202576256773833716,
            To: 7402369184756779626,
        },
    }
    
    res, err := s.BaseConversion.GetNumbersBase(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.StatusCode == http.StatusOK {
        // handle response
    }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### Base Conversion

* `GetNumbersBase` - Convert a given number from one base to another base
* `GetNumbersBaseBinary` - Convert a given number to binary
* `GetNumbersBaseHex` - Convert a given number to hexadecimal
* `GetNumbersBaseOctal` - Convert a given number to octal

### Number Checks

* `GetNumbersIsCube` - Checks whether a given number is a cube number or not.
* `GetNumbersIsPalindrome` - Checks whether a given number is a palindrome number or not.
* `GetNumbersIsSquare` - Checks whether a given number is a square number or not.
* `GetNumbersIsTriangle` - Checks whether a given number is a triangle number or not.
* `GetNumbersPrimeIsFermatPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fermat prime number or not.
* `GetNumbersPrimeIsFibonacciPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fibonacci prime number or not.
* `GetNumbersPrimeIsMersennePrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known mersenne prime number or not.
* `GetNumbersPrimeIsPartitionPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known partition prime number or not.
* `GetNumbersPrimeIsPellPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known pell prime number or not.
* `GetNumbersPrimeIsPerfect` - Checks whether a given number is a perfect number or not.
* `GetNumbersPrimeIsPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known prime number or not.

### Number Facts

* `GetNumbersFact` - Get a random fact about a number

### Number Generation

* `GetNumbersRandom` - Generate random number(s)

### Number Systems Conversion

* `GetNumbersNumeralChinese` - Convert base 10 representation of a given number to chinese numeral.
* `GetNumbersNumeralEgyptian` - Convert base 10 representation of a given number to egyptian numeral.
* `GetNumbersNumeralRoman` - Convert base 10 representation of a given number to roman numeral.

### Number of the day

* `GetNumbersNod` - Get the number of the day for current day

### PI

* `GetNumbersPi` - Get digits of pi (π)

### Prime

* `GetNumbersPrimeFactors` - Get the prime factors of a given number.
* `GetNumbersPrimeIsFermatPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fermat prime number or not.
* `GetNumbersPrimeIsFibonacciPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fibonacci prime number or not.
* `GetNumbersPrimeIsMersennePrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known mersenne prime number or not.
* `GetNumbersPrimeIsPartitionPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known partition prime number or not.
* `GetNumbersPrimeIsPellPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known pell prime number or not.
* `GetNumbersPrimeIsPerfect` - Checks whether a given number is a perfect number or not.
* `GetNumbersPrimeIsPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known prime number or not.

### Spell

* `GetNumbersCardinal` - Get the cardinal of the given number
* `GetNumbersCurrency` - Spells out the number as a currency
* `GetNumbersOrdinal` - Get the ordinal of the given number

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
