# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New()
    
    req := operations.FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreateRequest{
        Security: operations.FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreateSecurity{
            Option1: &operations.FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreateSecurityOption1{
                Oauth2: shared.SchemeOauth2{
                    Authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
                }
                Oauth2c: shared.SchemeOauth2c{
                    Authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
                }
            },
        },
        PathParams: operations.FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreatePathParams{
            Parent: "ipsam",
        },
        QueryParams: operations.FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreateQueryParams{
            DollarXgafv: "1",
            AccessToken: "et",
            Alt: "json",
            Callback: "est",
            Fields: "dolor",
            Key: "placeat",
            OauthToken: "a",
            PrettyPrint: true,
            QuotaUser: "aut",
            SiteID: "facere",
            UploadType: "ut",
            UploadProtocol: "doloremque",
        },
        Request: &shared.SiteInput{
            AppID: "perferendis",
            Labels: map[string]string{
                "dolor": "reiciendis",
            },
        },
    }
    
    res, err := s.Projects.FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreate(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.Site != nil {
        // handle response
    }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### projects

* `FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreate` - Creates a new Hosting Site in the specified parent Firebase project. Note that Hosting sites can take several minutes to propagate through Firebase systems.
* `FirebasehostingProjectsSitesList` - Lists each Hosting Site associated with the specified parent Firebase project.

### sites

* `FirebasehostingSitesChannelsCreate` - Creates a new channel in the specified site.
* `FirebasehostingSitesChannelsList` - Lists the channels for the specified site. All sites have a default `live` channel.
* `FirebasehostingSitesDomainsCreate` - Creates a domain mapping on the specified site.
* `FirebasehostingSitesDomainsGet` - Gets a domain mapping on the specified site.
* `FirebasehostingSitesDomainsList` - Lists the domains for the specified site.
* `FirebasehostingSitesDomainsUpdate` - Updates the specified domain mapping, creating the mapping as if it does not exist.
* `FirebasehostingSitesReleasesCreate` - Creates a new release, which makes the content of the specified version actively display on the appropriate URL(s).
* `FirebasehostingSitesReleasesList` - Lists the releases that have been created for the specified site or channel. When used to list releases for a site, this list includes releases for both the default `live` channel and any active preview channels for the specified site.
* `FirebasehostingSitesVersionsClone` - Creates a new version on the specified target site using the content of the specified version.
* `FirebasehostingSitesVersionsCreate` - Creates a new version for the specified site.
* `FirebasehostingSitesVersionsDelete` - Deletes the specified version.
* `FirebasehostingSitesVersionsFilesList` - Lists the remaining files to be uploaded for the specified version.
* `FirebasehostingSitesVersionsList` - Lists the versions that have been created for the specified site. This list includes versions for both the default `live` channel and any active preview channels for the specified site.
* `FirebasehostingSitesVersionsPatch` -  Updates the specified metadata for the specified version. This method will fail with `FAILED_PRECONDITION` in the event of an invalid state transition. The supported [state](../sites.versions#versionstatus) transitions for a version are from `CREATED` to `FINALIZED`. Use [`DeleteVersion`](delete) to set the status of a version to `DELETED`.
* `FirebasehostingSitesVersionsPopulateFiles` -  Adds content files to the specified version. Each file must be under 2 GB.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
