# Subscription

A subscription to events on a collection.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**callback_url** | **str** | The URL where notifications should be delivered (must start with https://). | [optional] 
**collection** | **str** | The collection to subscribe to. Allowed values are:   - timeline - Changes in the timeline including insertion, deletion, and updates.  - locations - Location updates.  - settings - Settings updates. | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | The ID of the subscription. | [optional] 
**kind** | **str** | The type of resource. This is always mirror#subscription. | [optional] [default to 'mirror#subscription']
**notification** | [**Notification**](Notification.md) |  | [optional] 
**operation** | **List[str]** | A list of operations that should be subscribed to. An empty list indicates that all operations on the collection should be subscribed to. Allowed values are:   - UPDATE - The item has been updated.  - INSERT - A new item has been inserted.  - DELETE - The item has been deleted.  - MENU_ACTION - A custom menu item has been triggered by the user. | [optional] 
**updated** | **datetime** | The time at which this subscription was last modified, formatted according to RFC 3339. | [optional] 
**user_token** | **str** | An opaque token sent to the subscriber in notifications so that it can determine the ID of the user. | [optional] 
**verify_token** | **str** | A secret token sent to the subscriber in notifications so that it can verify that the notification was generated by Google. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.subscription import Subscription

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Subscription from a JSON string
subscription_instance = Subscription.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Subscription.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
subscription_dict = subscription_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Subscription from a dict
subscription_from_dict = Subscription.from_dict(subscription_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


