# SetLabelsRequest

SetLabelsRequest sets the Google Cloud Platform labels on a Google Container Engine cluster, which will in turn set them for Google Compute Engine resources used by that cluster

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cluster_id** | **str** | Required. Deprecated. The name of the cluster. This field has been deprecated and replaced by the name field. | [optional] 
**label_fingerprint** | **str** | Required. The fingerprint of the previous set of labels for this resource, used to detect conflicts. The fingerprint is initially generated by Kubernetes Engine and changes after every request to modify or update labels. You must always provide an up-to-date fingerprint hash when updating or changing labels. Make a &#x60;get()&#x60; request to the resource to get the latest fingerprint. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The name (project, location, cluster name) of the cluster to set labels. Specified in the format &#x60;projects/*/locations/*/clusters/*&#x60;. | [optional] 
**project_id** | **str** | Required. Deprecated. The Google Developers Console [project ID or project number](https://cloud.google.com/resource-manager/docs/creating-managing-projects). This field has been deprecated and replaced by the name field. | [optional] 
**resource_labels** | **Dict[str, str]** | Required. The labels to set for that cluster. | [optional] 
**zone** | **str** | Required. Deprecated. The name of the Google Compute Engine [zone](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/zones#available) in which the cluster resides. This field has been deprecated and replaced by the name field. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.set_labels_request import SetLabelsRequest

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of SetLabelsRequest from a JSON string
set_labels_request_instance = SetLabelsRequest.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(SetLabelsRequest.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
set_labels_request_dict = set_labels_request_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of SetLabelsRequest from a dict
set_labels_request_from_dict = SetLabelsRequest.from_dict(set_labels_request_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


