# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { CreateMessageInteractionRequest, CreateMessageInteractionResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";


const sdk = new SDK();
    
const req: CreateMessageInteractionRequest = {
  security: {
    accountSidAuthToken: {
      password: "YOUR_PASSWORD_HERE",
      username: "YOUR_USERNAME_HERE",
    },
  },
  pathParams: {
    participantSid: "tempore",
    serviceSid: "fuga",
    sessionSid: "aut",
  },
  request: {
    body: "mollitia",
    mediaUrl: [
      "at",
      "expedita",
    ],
  },
};

sdk.sdk.createMessageInteraction(req).then((res: CreateMessageInteractionResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `createMessageInteraction` - Create a new message Interaction to send directly from your system to one [Participant](https://www.twilio.com/docs/proxy/api/participant).  The `inbound` properties for the Interaction will always be empty.
* `createParticipant` - Add a new Participant to the Session
* `createPhoneNumber` - Add a Phone Number to a Service's Proxy Number Pool.
* `createService` - Create a new Service for Twilio Proxy
* `createSession` - Create a new Session
* `createShortCode` - Add a Short Code to the Proxy Number Pool for the Service.
* `deleteInteraction` - Delete a specific Interaction.
* `deleteParticipant` - Delete a specific Participant. This is a soft-delete. The participant remains associated with the session and cannot be re-added. Participants are only permanently deleted when the [Session](https://www.twilio.com/docs/proxy/api/session) is deleted.
* `deletePhoneNumber` - Delete a specific Phone Number from a Service.
* `deleteService` - Delete a specific Service.
* `deleteSession` - Delete a specific Session.
* `deleteShortCode` - Delete a specific Short Code from a Service.
* `fetchInteraction` - Retrieve a list of Interactions for a given [Session](https://www.twilio.com/docs/proxy/api/session).
* `fetchMessageInteraction`
* `fetchParticipant` - Fetch a specific Participant.
* `fetchPhoneNumber` - Fetch a specific Phone Number.
* `fetchService` - Fetch a specific Service.
* `fetchSession` - Fetch a specific Session.
* `fetchShortCode` - Fetch a specific Short Code.
* `listInteraction` - Retrieve a list of all Interactions for a Session. A maximum of 100 records will be returned per page.
* `listMessageInteraction`
* `listParticipant` - Retrieve a list of all Participants in a Session.
* `listPhoneNumber` - Retrieve a list of all Phone Numbers in the Proxy Number Pool for a Service. A maximum of 100 records will be returned per page.
* `listService` - Retrieve a list of all Services for Twilio Proxy. A maximum of 100 records will be returned per page.
* `listSession` - Retrieve a list of all Sessions for the Service. A maximum of 100 records will be returned per page.
* `listShortCode` - Retrieve a list of all Short Codes in the Proxy Number Pool for the Service. A maximum of 100 records will be returned per page.
* `updatePhoneNumber` - Update a specific Proxy Number.
* `updateService` - Update a specific Service.
* `updateSession` - Update a specific Session.
* `updateShortCode` - Update a specific Short Code.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
