# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { CancelTaskRequest, CancelTaskResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";

const sdk = new SDK(WithSecurity(
  security: {
    hmac: {
      apiKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
    },
  }
));
    
const req: CancelTaskRequest = {
  pathParams: {
    taskId: "possimus",
  },
  headers: {
    xAmzAlgorithm: "non",
    xAmzContentSha256: "rerum",
    xAmzCredential: "repellat",
    xAmzDate: "quas",
    xAmzSecurityToken: "eos",
    xAmzSignature: "modi",
    xAmzSignedHeaders: "et",
  },
};

sdk.sdk.cancelTask(req).then((res: CancelTaskResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `cancelTask` - <p>Sends a cancel request for a specified task. You can cancel a task only if it's still in a <code>QUEUED</code> state. Tasks that are already running can't be cancelled.</p> <note> <p>A task might still run if it's processed from the queue before the <code>CancelTask</code> operation changes the task's state.</p> </note>
* `createTask` - Instructs one or more devices to start a task, such as unlocking or rebooting.
* `describeDevice` - Checks device-specific information, such as the device type, software version, IP addresses, and lock status.
* `describeDeviceEc2Instances` - Checks the current state of the Amazon EC2 instances. The output is similar to <code>describeDevice</code>, but the results are sourced from the device cache in the Amazon Web Services Cloud and include a subset of the available fields. 
* `describeExecution` - Checks the status of a remote task running on one or more target devices.
* `describeTask` - Checks the metadata for a given task on a device. 
* `listDeviceResources` - Returns a list of the Amazon Web Services resources available for a device. Currently, Amazon EC2 instances are the only supported resource type.
* `listDevices` - Returns a list of all devices on your Amazon Web Services account that have Amazon Web Services Snow Device Management enabled in the Amazon Web Services Region where the command is run.
* `listExecutions` - Returns the status of tasks for one or more target devices.
* `listTagsForResource` - Returns a list of tags for a managed device or task.
* `listTasks` - Returns a list of tasks that can be filtered by state.
* `tagResource` - Adds or replaces tags on a device or task.
* `untagResource` - Removes a tag from a device or task.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
