# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
s.config_security(
    security=shared.Security(
        hmac=shared.SchemeHmac(
            api_key="YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
        ),
    )
)
    
req = operations.CancelTaskRequest(
    path_params=operations.CancelTaskPathParams(
        task_id="possimus",
    ),
    headers=operations.CancelTaskHeaders(
        x_amz_algorithm="non",
        x_amz_content_sha256="rerum",
        x_amz_credential="repellat",
        x_amz_date="quas",
        x_amz_security_token="eos",
        x_amz_signature="modi",
        x_amz_signed_headers="et",
    ),
)
    
res = s.sdk.cancel_task(req)

if res.cancel_task_output is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `cancel_task` - <p>Sends a cancel request for a specified task. You can cancel a task only if it's still in a <code>QUEUED</code> state. Tasks that are already running can't be cancelled.</p> <note> <p>A task might still run if it's processed from the queue before the <code>CancelTask</code> operation changes the task's state.</p> </note>
* `create_task` - Instructs one or more devices to start a task, such as unlocking or rebooting.
* `describe_device` - Checks device-specific information, such as the device type, software version, IP addresses, and lock status.
* `describe_device_ec2_instances` - Checks the current state of the Amazon EC2 instances. The output is similar to <code>describeDevice</code>, but the results are sourced from the device cache in the Amazon Web Services Cloud and include a subset of the available fields. 
* `describe_execution` - Checks the status of a remote task running on one or more target devices.
* `describe_task` - Checks the metadata for a given task on a device. 
* `list_device_resources` - Returns a list of the Amazon Web Services resources available for a device. Currently, Amazon EC2 instances are the only supported resource type.
* `list_devices` - Returns a list of all devices on your Amazon Web Services account that have Amazon Web Services Snow Device Management enabled in the Amazon Web Services Region where the command is run.
* `list_executions` - Returns the status of tasks for one or more target devices.
* `list_tags_for_resource` - Returns a list of tags for a managed device or task.
* `list_tasks` - Returns a list of tasks that can be filtered by state.
* `tag_resource` - Adds or replaces tags on a device or task.
* `untag_resource` - Removes a tag from a device or task.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
