# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New()
    
    req := operations.AppDgetRequest{
        PathParams: operations.AppDgetPathParams{
            AppDID: "qui",
        },
        QueryParams: operations.AppDgetQueryParams{
            AllFields: "rerum",
            ExcludeDefault: "in",
            ExcludeFields: "pariatur",
            Fields: "illum",
            Filter: "fugiat",
        },
    }
    
    res, err := s.AppPkgm.AppDget(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.Body != nil {
        // handle response
    }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### app-pkgm

* `AppDget` - Reads the content of the AppD of on-boarded individual application package resources.
* `AppDIDGet` - Fetch the onboarded application package content identified by appPkgId or appDId.
* `AppDIDPut` - Uploads the content of application package.
* `AppPkgGet` - Fetch the onboarded application package content identified by appPkgId or appDId.
* `AppPkgIDGet` - Reads the content of the AppD of on-boarded individual application package resources.
* `AppPkgPut` - Uploads the content of application package.
* `AppPackageDelete` - Deletes an individual application package resources
* `AppPackageGet` - Queries the information related to individual application package resources
* `AppPackagePatch` - Updates the operational state of an individual application package resource
* `AppPackagesGet` - Queries information relating to on-boarded application packages in the MEO
* `AppPackagesPost` - Create a resource for on-boarding an application package to a MEO
* `IndividualSubscriptionDelete` - Deletes the individual subscription to notifications about application package changes in MEO.
* `IndividualSubscriptionGet` - Used to represent an individual subscription to notifications about application package changes.
* `SubscriptionsGet` - used to retrieve the information of subscriptions to individual application package resource in MEO

### app-pkgm-notifications

* `AppPkgNotificationPost` - Registers a notification endpoint to notify application package operations

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
