# ProducerQuotaPolicy

Quota policy created by service producer.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**container** | **str** | The cloud resource container at which the quota policy is created. The format is &#x60;{container_type}/{container_number}&#x60; | [optional] 
**dimensions** | **Dict[str, str]** |  If this map is nonempty, then this policy applies only to specific values for dimensions defined in the limit unit. For example, a policy on a limit with the unit &#x60;1/{project}/{region}&#x60; could contain an entry with the key &#x60;region&#x60; and the value &#x60;us-east-1&#x60;; the policy is only applied to quota consumed in that region. This map has the following restrictions: * Keys that are not defined in the limit&#39;s unit are not valid keys. Any string appearing in {brackets} in the unit (besides {project} or {user}) is a defined key. * &#x60;project&#x60; is not a valid key; the project is already specified in the parent resource name. * &#x60;user&#x60; is not a valid key; the API does not support quota policies that apply only to a specific user. * If &#x60;region&#x60; appears as a key, its value must be a valid Cloud region. * If &#x60;zone&#x60; appears as a key, its value must be a valid Cloud zone. * If any valid key other than &#x60;region&#x60; or &#x60;zone&#x60; appears in the map, then all valid keys other than &#x60;region&#x60; or &#x60;zone&#x60; must also appear in the map. | [optional] 
**metric** | **str** | The name of the metric to which this policy applies. An example name would be: &#x60;compute.googleapis.com/cpus&#x60; | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The resource name of the policy. This name is generated by the server when the policy is created. Example names would be: &#x60;organizations/123/services/compute.googleapis.com/consumerQuotaMetrics/compute.googleapis.com%2Fcpus/limits/%2Fproject%2Fregion/producerQuotaPolicies/4a3f2c1d&#x60; | [optional] 
**policy_value** | **str** | The quota policy value. Can be any nonnegative integer, or -1 (unlimited quota). | [optional] 
**unit** | **str** | The limit unit of the limit to which this policy applies. An example unit would be: &#x60;1/{project}/{region}&#x60; Note that &#x60;{project}&#x60; and &#x60;{region}&#x60; are not placeholders in this example; the literal characters &#x60;{&#x60; and &#x60;}&#x60; occur in the string. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.producer_quota_policy import ProducerQuotaPolicy

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ProducerQuotaPolicy from a JSON string
producer_quota_policy_instance = ProducerQuotaPolicy.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ProducerQuotaPolicy.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
producer_quota_policy_dict = producer_quota_policy_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ProducerQuotaPolicy from a dict
producer_quota_policy_from_dict = ProducerQuotaPolicy.from_dict(producer_quota_policy_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


