# QuotaOverride

A quota override

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**admin_override_ancestor** | **str** | The resource name of the ancestor that requested the override. For example: &#x60;organizations/12345&#x60; or &#x60;folders/67890&#x60;. Used by admin overrides only. | [optional] 
**dimensions** | **Dict[str, str]** | If this map is nonempty, then this override applies only to specific values for dimensions defined in the limit unit. For example, an override on a limit with the unit &#x60;1/{project}/{region}&#x60; could contain an entry with the key &#x60;region&#x60; and the value &#x60;us-east-1&#x60;; the override is only applied to quota consumed in that region. This map has the following restrictions: * Keys that are not defined in the limit&#39;s unit are not valid keys. Any string appearing in &#x60;{brackets}&#x60; in the unit (besides &#x60;{project}&#x60; or &#x60;{user}&#x60;) is a defined key. * &#x60;project&#x60; is not a valid key; the project is already specified in the parent resource name. * &#x60;user&#x60; is not a valid key; the API does not support quota overrides that apply only to a specific user. * If &#x60;region&#x60; appears as a key, its value must be a valid Cloud region. * If &#x60;zone&#x60; appears as a key, its value must be a valid Cloud zone. * If any valid key other than &#x60;region&#x60; or &#x60;zone&#x60; appears in the map, then all valid keys other than &#x60;region&#x60; or &#x60;zone&#x60; must also appear in the map. | [optional] 
**metric** | **str** | The name of the metric to which this override applies. An example name would be: &#x60;compute.googleapis.com/cpus&#x60; | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The resource name of the override. This name is generated by the server when the override is created. Example names would be: &#x60;projects/123/services/compute.googleapis.com/consumerQuotaMetrics/compute.googleapis.com%2Fcpus/limits/%2Fproject%2Fregion/adminOverrides/4a3f2c1d&#x60; &#x60;projects/123/services/compute.googleapis.com/consumerQuotaMetrics/compute.googleapis.com%2Fcpus/limits/%2Fproject%2Fregion/consumerOverrides/4a3f2c1d&#x60; The resource name is intended to be opaque and should not be parsed for its component strings, since its representation could change in the future. | [optional] 
**override_value** | **str** | The overriding quota limit value. Can be any nonnegative integer, or -1 (unlimited quota). | [optional] 
**unit** | **str** | The limit unit of the limit to which this override applies. An example unit would be: &#x60;1/{project}/{region}&#x60; Note that &#x60;{project}&#x60; and &#x60;{region}&#x60; are not placeholders in this example; the literal characters &#x60;{&#x60; and &#x60;}&#x60; occur in the string. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.quota_override import QuotaOverride

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of QuotaOverride from a JSON string
quota_override_instance = QuotaOverride.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(QuotaOverride.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
quota_override_dict = quota_override_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of QuotaOverride from a dict
quota_override_from_dict = QuotaOverride.from_dict(quota_override_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


