# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New()
    
    req := operations.CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesBindDeviceToGatewayRequest{
        Security: operations.CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesBindDeviceToGatewaySecurity{
            Option1: &operations.CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesBindDeviceToGatewaySecurityOption1{
                Oauth2: shared.SchemeOauth2{
                    Authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
                }
                Oauth2c: shared.SchemeOauth2c{
                    Authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
                }
            },
        },
        PathParams: operations.CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesBindDeviceToGatewayPathParams{
            Parent: "repudiandae",
        },
        QueryParams: operations.CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesBindDeviceToGatewayQueryParams{
            DollarXgafv: "2",
            AccessToken: "autem",
            Alt: "media",
            Callback: "nobis",
            Fields: "eaque",
            Key: "aut",
            OauthToken: "nam",
            PrettyPrint: false,
            QuotaUser: "explicabo",
            UploadType: "tempora",
            UploadProtocol: "non",
        },
        Request: &shared.BindDeviceToGatewayRequest{
            DeviceID: "cumque",
            GatewayID: "ad",
        },
    }
    
    res, err := s.Projects.CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesBindDeviceToGateway(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.BindDeviceToGatewayResponse != nil {
        // handle response
    }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### projects

* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesBindDeviceToGateway` - Associates the device with the gateway.
* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesCreate` - Creates a device registry that contains devices.
* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesConfigVersionsList` - Lists the last few versions of the device configuration in descending order (i.e.: newest first).
* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesCreate` - Creates a device in a device registry.
* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesDelete` - Deletes a device.
* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesGet` - Gets details about a device.
* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesModifyCloudToDeviceConfig` - Modifies the configuration for the device, which is eventually sent from the Cloud IoT Core servers. Returns the modified configuration version and its metadata.
* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesPatch` - Updates a device.
* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesSendCommandToDevice` - Sends a command to the specified device. In order for a device to be able to receive commands, it must: 1) be connected to Cloud IoT Core using the MQTT protocol, and 2) be subscribed to the group of MQTT topics specified by /devices/{device-id}/commands/#. This subscription will receive commands at the top-level topic /devices/{device-id}/commands as well as commands for subfolders, like /devices/{device-id}/commands/subfolder. Note that subscribing to specific subfolders is not supported. If the command could not be delivered to the device, this method will return an error; in particular, if the device is not subscribed, this method will return FAILED_PRECONDITION. Otherwise, this method will return OK. If the subscription is QoS 1, at least once delivery will be guaranteed; for QoS 0, no acknowledgment will be expected from the device.
* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesDevicesStatesList` - Lists the last few versions of the device state in descending order (i.e.: newest first).
* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesGroupsDevicesList` - List devices in a device registry.
* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesGroupsGetIamPolicy` - Gets the access control policy for a resource. Returns an empty policy if the resource exists and does not have a policy set.
* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesGroupsSetIamPolicy` - Sets the access control policy on the specified resource. Replaces any existing policy.
* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesGroupsTestIamPermissions` - Returns permissions that a caller has on the specified resource. If the resource does not exist, this will return an empty set of permissions, not a NOT_FOUND error.
* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesList` - Lists device registries.
* `CloudiotProjectsLocationsRegistriesUnbindDeviceFromGateway` - Deletes the association between the device and the gateway.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
