# GoogleCloudOrgpolicyV1ListPolicy

Used in `policy_type` to specify how `list_policy` behaves at this resource. `ListPolicy` can define specific values and subtrees of Cloud Resource Manager resource hierarchy (`Organizations`, `Folders`, `Projects`) that are allowed or denied by setting the `allowed_values` and `denied_values` fields. This is achieved by using the `under:` and optional `is:` prefixes. The `under:` prefix is used to denote resource subtree values. The `is:` prefix is used to denote specific values, and is required only if the value contains a \":\". Values prefixed with \"is:\" are treated the same as values with no prefix. Ancestry subtrees must be in one of the following formats: - \"projects/\", e.g. \"projects/tokyo-rain-123\" - \"folders/\", e.g. \"folders/1234\" - \"organizations/\", e.g. \"organizations/1234\" The `supports_under` field of the associated `Constraint` defines whether ancestry prefixes can be used. You can set `allowed_values` and `denied_values` in the same `Policy` if `all_values` is `ALL_VALUES_UNSPECIFIED`. `ALLOW` or `DENY` are used to allow or deny all values. If `all_values` is set to either `ALLOW` or `DENY`, `allowed_values` and `denied_values` must be unset.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**all_values** | **str** | The policy all_values state. | [optional] 
**allowed_values** | **List[str]** | List of values allowed at this resource. Can only be set if &#x60;all_values&#x60; is set to &#x60;ALL_VALUES_UNSPECIFIED&#x60;. | [optional] 
**denied_values** | **List[str]** | List of values denied at this resource. Can only be set if &#x60;all_values&#x60; is set to &#x60;ALL_VALUES_UNSPECIFIED&#x60;. | [optional] 
**inherit_from_parent** | **bool** | Determines the inheritance behavior for this &#x60;Policy&#x60;. By default, a &#x60;ListPolicy&#x60; set at a resource supersedes any &#x60;Policy&#x60; set anywhere up the resource hierarchy. However, if &#x60;inherit_from_parent&#x60; is set to &#x60;true&#x60;, then the values from the effective &#x60;Policy&#x60; of the parent resource are inherited, meaning the values set in this &#x60;Policy&#x60; are added to the values inherited up the hierarchy. Setting &#x60;Policy&#x60; hierarchies that inherit both allowed values and denied values isn&#39;t recommended in most circumstances to keep the configuration simple and understandable. However, it is possible to set a &#x60;Policy&#x60; with &#x60;allowed_values&#x60; set that inherits a &#x60;Policy&#x60; with &#x60;denied_values&#x60; set. In this case, the values that are allowed must be in &#x60;allowed_values&#x60; and not present in &#x60;denied_values&#x60;. For example, suppose you have a &#x60;Constraint&#x60; &#x60;constraints/serviceuser.services&#x60;, which has a &#x60;constraint_type&#x60; of &#x60;list_constraint&#x60;, and with &#x60;constraint_default&#x60; set to &#x60;ALLOW&#x60;. Suppose that at the Organization level, a &#x60;Policy&#x60; is applied that restricts the allowed API activations to {&#x60;E1&#x60;, &#x60;E2&#x60;}. Then, if a &#x60;Policy&#x60; is applied to a project below the Organization that has &#x60;inherit_from_parent&#x60; set to &#x60;false&#x60; and field all_values set to DENY, then an attempt to activate any API will be denied. The following examples demonstrate different possible layerings for &#x60;projects/bar&#x60; parented by &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60;: Example 1 (no inherited values): &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60; has a &#x60;Policy&#x60; with values: {allowed_values: \&quot;E1\&quot; allowed_values:\&quot;E2\&quot;} &#x60;projects/bar&#x60; has &#x60;inherit_from_parent&#x60; &#x60;false&#x60; and values: {allowed_values: \&quot;E3\&quot; allowed_values: \&quot;E4\&quot;} The accepted values at &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60; are &#x60;E1&#x60;, &#x60;E2&#x60;. The accepted values at &#x60;projects/bar&#x60; are &#x60;E3&#x60;, and &#x60;E4&#x60;. Example 2 (inherited values): &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60; has a &#x60;Policy&#x60; with values: {allowed_values: \&quot;E1\&quot; allowed_values:\&quot;E2\&quot;} &#x60;projects/bar&#x60; has a &#x60;Policy&#x60; with values: {value: \&quot;E3\&quot; value: \&quot;E4\&quot; inherit_from_parent: true} The accepted values at &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60; are &#x60;E1&#x60;, &#x60;E2&#x60;. The accepted values at &#x60;projects/bar&#x60; are &#x60;E1&#x60;, &#x60;E2&#x60;, &#x60;E3&#x60;, and &#x60;E4&#x60;. Example 3 (inheriting both allowed and denied values): &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60; has a &#x60;Policy&#x60; with values: {allowed_values: \&quot;E1\&quot; allowed_values: \&quot;E2\&quot;} &#x60;projects/bar&#x60; has a &#x60;Policy&#x60; with: {denied_values: \&quot;E1\&quot;} The accepted values at &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60; are &#x60;E1&#x60;, &#x60;E2&#x60;. The value accepted at &#x60;projects/bar&#x60; is &#x60;E2&#x60;. Example 4 (RestoreDefault): &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60; has a &#x60;Policy&#x60; with values: {allowed_values: \&quot;E1\&quot; allowed_values:\&quot;E2\&quot;} &#x60;projects/bar&#x60; has a &#x60;Policy&#x60; with values: {RestoreDefault: {}} The accepted values at &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60; are &#x60;E1&#x60;, &#x60;E2&#x60;. The accepted values at &#x60;projects/bar&#x60; are either all or none depending on the value of &#x60;constraint_default&#x60; (if &#x60;ALLOW&#x60;, all; if &#x60;DENY&#x60;, none). Example 5 (no policy inherits parent policy): &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60; has no &#x60;Policy&#x60; set. &#x60;projects/bar&#x60; has no &#x60;Policy&#x60; set. The accepted values at both levels are either all or none depending on the value of &#x60;constraint_default&#x60; (if &#x60;ALLOW&#x60;, all; if &#x60;DENY&#x60;, none). Example 6 (ListConstraint allowing all): &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60; has a &#x60;Policy&#x60; with values: {allowed_values: \&quot;E1\&quot; allowed_values: \&quot;E2\&quot;} &#x60;projects/bar&#x60; has a &#x60;Policy&#x60; with: {all: ALLOW} The accepted values at &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60; are &#x60;E1&#x60;, E2&#x60;. Any value is accepted at &#x60;projects/bar&#x60;. Example 7 (ListConstraint allowing none): &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60; has a &#x60;Policy&#x60; with values: {allowed_values: \&quot;E1\&quot; allowed_values: \&quot;E2\&quot;} &#x60;projects/bar&#x60; has a &#x60;Policy&#x60; with: {all: DENY} The accepted values at &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60; are &#x60;E1&#x60;, E2&#x60;. No value is accepted at &#x60;projects/bar&#x60;. Example 10 (allowed and denied subtrees of Resource Manager hierarchy): Given the following resource hierarchy O1-&gt;{F1, F2}; F1-&gt;{P1}; F2-&gt;{P2, P3}, &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60; has a &#x60;Policy&#x60; with values: {allowed_values: \&quot;under:organizations/O1\&quot;} &#x60;projects/bar&#x60; has a &#x60;Policy&#x60; with: {allowed_values: \&quot;under:projects/P3\&quot;} {denied_values: \&quot;under:folders/F2\&quot;} The accepted values at &#x60;organizations/foo&#x60; are &#x60;organizations/O1&#x60;, &#x60;folders/F1&#x60;, &#x60;folders/F2&#x60;, &#x60;projects/P1&#x60;, &#x60;projects/P2&#x60;, &#x60;projects/P3&#x60;. The accepted values at &#x60;projects/bar&#x60; are &#x60;organizations/O1&#x60;, &#x60;folders/F1&#x60;, &#x60;projects/P1&#x60;. | [optional] 
**suggested_value** | **str** | Optional. The Google Cloud Console will try to default to a configuration that matches the value specified in this &#x60;Policy&#x60;. If &#x60;suggested_value&#x60; is not set, it will inherit the value specified higher in the hierarchy, unless &#x60;inherit_from_parent&#x60; is &#x60;false&#x60;. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.google_cloud_orgpolicy_v1_list_policy import GoogleCloudOrgpolicyV1ListPolicy

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of GoogleCloudOrgpolicyV1ListPolicy from a JSON string
google_cloud_orgpolicy_v1_list_policy_instance = GoogleCloudOrgpolicyV1ListPolicy.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(GoogleCloudOrgpolicyV1ListPolicy.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
google_cloud_orgpolicy_v1_list_policy_dict = google_cloud_orgpolicy_v1_list_policy_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of GoogleCloudOrgpolicyV1ListPolicy from a dict
google_cloud_orgpolicy_v1_list_policy_from_dict = GoogleCloudOrgpolicyV1ListPolicy.from_dict(google_cloud_orgpolicy_v1_list_policy_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


