# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    opts := []sdk.SDKOption{
        sdk.WithSecurity(
            shared.Security{
                Hmac: shared.SchemeHmac{
                    APIKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
                },
            }
        ),
    }

    s := sdk.New(opts...)
    
    req := operations.AssociateLensesRequest{
        PathParams: operations.AssociateLensesPathParams{
            WorkloadID: "sapiente",
        },
        Headers: operations.AssociateLensesHeaders{
            XAmzAlgorithm: "et",
            XAmzContentSha256: "perferendis",
            XAmzCredential: "maiores",
            XAmzDate: "est",
            XAmzSecurityToken: "atque",
            XAmzSignature: "sint",
            XAmzSignedHeaders: "vero",
        },
        Request: operations.AssociateLensesRequestBody{
            LensAliases: []string{
                "rem",
            },
        },
    }
    
    res, err := s.Sdk.AssociateLenses(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.StatusCode == http.StatusOK {
        // handle response
    }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `AssociateLenses` - Associate a lens to a workload.
* `CreateMilestone` - Create a milestone for an existing workload.
* `CreateWorkload` - <p>Create a new workload.</p> <p>The owner of a workload can share the workload with other AWS accounts and IAM users in the same AWS Region. Only the owner of a workload can delete it.</p> <p>For more information, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/userguide/define-workload.html">Defining a Workload</a> in the <i>AWS Well-Architected Tool User Guide</i>.</p>
* `CreateWorkloadShare` - <p>Create a workload share.</p> <p>The owner of a workload can share it with other AWS accounts and IAM users in the same AWS Region. Shared access to a workload is not removed until the workload invitation is deleted.</p> <p>For more information, see <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/wellarchitected/latest/userguide/workloads-sharing.html">Sharing a Workload</a> in the <i>AWS Well-Architected Tool User Guide</i>.</p>
* `DeleteWorkload` - Delete an existing workload.
* `DeleteWorkloadShare` - Delete a workload share.
* `DisassociateLenses` - <p>Disassociate a lens from a workload.</p> <note> <p>The AWS Well-Architected Framework lens (<code>wellarchitected</code>) cannot be removed from a workload.</p> </note>
* `GetAnswer` - Get the answer to a specific question in a workload review.
* `GetLensReview` - Get lens review.
* `GetLensReviewReport` - Get lens review report.
* `GetLensVersionDifference` - Get lens version differences.
* `GetMilestone` - Get a milestone for an existing workload.
* `GetWorkload` - Get an existing workload.
* `ListAnswers` - List of answers.
* `ListLensReviewImprovements` - List lens review improvements.
* `ListLensReviews` - List lens reviews.
* `ListLenses` - List the available lenses.
* `ListMilestones` - List all milestones for an existing workload.
* `ListNotifications` - List lens notifications.
* `ListShareInvitations` - List the workload invitations.
* `ListTagsForResource` - List the tags for a resource.
* `ListWorkloadShares` - List the workload shares associated with the workload.
* `ListWorkloads` - List workloads. Paginated.
* `TagResource` - Adds one or more tags to the specified resource.
* `UntagResource` - <p>Deletes specified tags from a resource.</p> <p>To specify multiple tags, use separate <b>tagKeys</b> parameters, for example:</p> <p> <code>DELETE /tags/WorkloadArn?tagKeys=key1&amp;tagKeys=key2</code> </p>
* `UpdateAnswer` - Update the answer to a specific question in a workload review.
* `UpdateLensReview` - Update lens review.
* `UpdateShareInvitation` - Update a workload invitation.
* `UpdateWorkload` - Update an existing workload.
* `UpdateWorkloadShare` - Update a workload share.
* `UpgradeLensReview` - Upgrade lens review.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
