# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { ClaimDevicesByClaimCodeRequest, ClaimDevicesByClaimCodeResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";

const sdk = new SDK(WithSecurity(
  security: {
    hmac: {
      apiKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
    },
  }
));
    
const req: ClaimDevicesByClaimCodeRequest = {
  pathParams: {
    claimCode: "est",
  },
  headers: {
    xAmzAlgorithm: "beatae",
    xAmzContentSha256: "odio",
    xAmzCredential: "blanditiis",
    xAmzDate: "voluptatem",
    xAmzSecurityToken: "ea",
    xAmzSignature: "eum",
    xAmzSignedHeaders: "at",
  },
};

sdk.sdk.claimDevicesByClaimCode(req).then((res: ClaimDevicesByClaimCodeResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `claimDevicesByClaimCode` - Adds device(s) to your account (i.e., claim one or more devices) if and only if you
 received a claim code with the device(s).
* `describeDevice` - Given a device ID, returns a DescribeDeviceResponse object describing the
 details of the device.
* `finalizeDeviceClaim` - <p>Given a device ID, finalizes the claim request for the associated device.</p><note>
 <p>Claiming a device consists of initiating a claim, then publishing a device event,
 and finalizing the claim. For a device of type button, a device event can
 be published by simply clicking the device.</p>
 </note>
* `getDeviceMethods` - Given a device ID, returns the invokable methods associated with the device.
* `initiateDeviceClaim` - <p>Given a device ID, initiates a claim request for the associated device.</p><note>
 <p>Claiming a device consists of initiating a claim, then publishing a device event,
 and finalizing the claim. For a device of type button, a device event can
 be published by simply clicking the device.</p>
 </note>
* `invokeDeviceMethod` - Given a device ID, issues a request to invoke a named device method (with possible
 parameters). See the "Example POST" code snippet below.
* `listDeviceEvents` - Using a device ID, returns a DeviceEventsResponse object containing an
 array of events for the device.
* `listDevices` - Lists the 1-Click compatible devices associated with your AWS account.
* `listTagsForResource` - Lists the tags associated with the specified resource ARN.
* `tagResource` - Adds or updates the tags associated with the resource ARN. See <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot-1-click/latest/developerguide/1click-appendix.html#1click-limits">AWS IoT 1-Click Service Limits</a> for the maximum number of tags allowed per
 resource.
* `unclaimDevice` - Disassociates a device from your AWS account using its device ID.
* `untagResource` - Using tag keys, deletes the tags (key/value pairs) associated with the specified
 resource ARN.
* `updateDeviceState` - Using a Boolean value (true or false), this operation
 enables or disables the device given a device ID.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
