# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { GetNumbersBaseRequest, GetNumbersBaseResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";


const sdk = new SDK();
    
const req: GetNumbersBaseRequest = {
  security: {
    xMathtoolsApiSecret: {
      apiKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
    },
  },
  queryParams: {
    from: 728171767558320508,
    number: 4202576256773833716,
    to: 7402369184756779626,
  },
};

sdk.baseConversion.getNumbersBase(req).then((res: GetNumbersBaseResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### Base Conversion

* `getNumbersBase` - Convert a given number from one base to another base
* `getNumbersBaseBinary` - Convert a given number to binary
* `getNumbersBaseHex` - Convert a given number to hexadecimal
* `getNumbersBaseOctal` - Convert a given number to octal

### Number Checks

* `getNumbersIsCube` - Checks whether a given number is a cube number or not.
* `getNumbersIsPalindrome` - Checks whether a given number is a palindrome number or not.
* `getNumbersIsSquare` - Checks whether a given number is a square number or not.
* `getNumbersIsTriangle` - Checks whether a given number is a triangle number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsFermatPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fermat prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsFibonacciPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fibonacci prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsMersennePrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known mersenne prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPartitionPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known partition prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPellPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known pell prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPerfect` - Checks whether a given number is a perfect number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known prime number or not.

### Number Facts

* `getNumbersFact` - Get a random fact about a number

### Number Generation

* `getNumbersRandom` - Generate random number(s)

### Number Systems Conversion

* `getNumbersNumeralChinese` - Convert base 10 representation of a given number to chinese numeral.
* `getNumbersNumeralEgyptian` - Convert base 10 representation of a given number to egyptian numeral.
* `getNumbersNumeralRoman` - Convert base 10 representation of a given number to roman numeral.

### Number of the day

* `getNumbersNod` - Get the number of the day for current day

### PI

* `getNumbersPi` - Get digits of pi (π)

### Prime

* `getNumbersPrimeFactors` - Get the prime factors of a given number.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsFermatPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fermat prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsFibonacciPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known fibonacci prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsMersennePrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known mersenne prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPartitionPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known partition prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPellPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known pell prime number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPerfect` - Checks whether a given number is a perfect number or not.
* `getNumbersPrimeIsPrime` - Checks whether a given number is a known prime number or not.

### Spell

* `getNumbersCardinal` - Get the cardinal of the given number
* `getNumbersCurrency` - Spells out the number as a currency
* `getNumbersOrdinal` - Get the ordinal of the given number

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
