# VerificationRule

Specifies verification rules for evaluating the SLSA attestations including: which builders to trust, where to fetch the SLSA attestations generated by those builders, and other builder-specific evaluation rules such as which source repositories are trusted. An image is considered verified by the rule if any of the fetched SLSA attestations is verified.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**attestation_source** | [**AttestationSource**](AttestationSource.md) |  | [optional] 
**config_based_build_required** | **bool** | If true, require the image to be built from a top-level configuration. &#x60;trusted_source_repo_patterns&#x60; specifies the repositories containing this configuration. | [optional] 
**trusted_builder** | **str** | Each verification rule is used for evaluation against provenances generated by a specific builder (group). For some of the builders, such as the Google Cloud Build, users don&#39;t need to explicitly specify their roots of trust in the policy since the evaluation service can automatically fetch them based on the builder (group). | [optional] 
**trusted_source_repo_patterns** | **List[str]** | List of trusted source code repository URL patterns. These patterns match the full repository URL without its scheme (e.g. &#x60;https://&#x60;). The patterns must not include schemes. For example, the pattern &#x60;source.cloud.google.com/my-project/my-repo-name&#x60; matches the following URLs: - &#x60;source.cloud.google.com/my-project/my-repo-name&#x60; - &#x60;git+ssh://source.cloud.google.com/my-project/my-repo-name&#x60; - &#x60;https://source.cloud.google.com/my-project/my-repo-name&#x60; A pattern matches a URL either exactly or with &#x60;*&#x60; wildcards. &#x60;*&#x60; can be used in only two ways: 1. trailing &#x60;*&#x60; after hosturi/ to match varying endings; 2. trailing &#x60;**&#x60; after hosturi/ to match &#x60;/&#x60; as well. &#x60;*&#x60; and &#x60;**&#x60; can only be used as wildcards and can only occur at the end of the pattern after a &#x60;/&#x60;. (So it&#39;s not possible to match a URL that contains literal &#x60;*&#x60;.) For example: - &#x60;github.com/my-project/my-repo&#x60; is valid to match a single repo - &#x60;github.com/my-project/*&#x60; will match all direct repos in &#x60;my-project&#x60; - &#x60;github.com/**&#x60; matches all repos in GitHub | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.verification_rule import VerificationRule

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of VerificationRule from a JSON string
verification_rule_instance = VerificationRule.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(VerificationRule.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
verification_rule_dict = verification_rule_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of VerificationRule from a dict
verification_rule_from_dict = VerificationRule.from_dict(verification_rule_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


