# ScanConfig

A ScanConfig resource contains the configurations to launch a scan.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**authentication** | [**Authentication**](Authentication.md) |  | [optional] 
**blacklist_patterns** | **List[str]** | The excluded URL patterns as described in https://cloud.google.com/security-command-center/docs/how-to-use-web-security-scanner#excluding_urls | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | Required. The user provided display name of the ScanConfig. | [optional] 
**export_to_security_command_center** | **str** | Controls export of scan configurations and results to Security Command Center. | [optional] 
**ignore_http_status_errors** | **bool** | Whether to keep scanning even if most requests return HTTP error codes. | [optional] 
**managed_scan** | **bool** | Whether the scan config is managed by Web Security Scanner, output only. | [optional] 
**max_qps** | **int** | The maximum QPS during scanning. A valid value ranges from 5 to 20 inclusively. If the field is unspecified or its value is set 0, server will default to 15. Other values outside of [5, 20] range will be rejected with INVALID_ARGUMENT error. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The resource name of the ScanConfig. The name follows the format of &#39;projects/{projectId}/scanConfigs/{scanConfigId}&#39;. The ScanConfig IDs are generated by the system. | [optional] 
**risk_level** | **str** | The risk level selected for the scan | [optional] 
**schedule** | [**Schedule**](Schedule.md) |  | [optional] 
**starting_urls** | **List[str]** | Required. The starting URLs from which the scanner finds site pages. | [optional] 
**static_ip_scan** | **bool** | Whether the scan configuration has enabled static IP address scan feature. If enabled, the scanner will access applications from static IP addresses. | [optional] 
**user_agent** | **str** | The user agent used during scanning. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.scan_config import ScanConfig

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ScanConfig from a JSON string
scan_config_instance = ScanConfig.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ScanConfig.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
scan_config_dict = scan_config_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ScanConfig from a dict
scan_config_from_dict = ScanConfig.from_dict(scan_config_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


