# ScanRun

A ScanRun is a output-only resource representing an actual run of the scan. Next id: 12

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**end_time** | **str** | Output only. The time at which the ScanRun reached termination state - that the ScanRun is either finished or stopped by user. | [optional] 
**error_trace** | [**ScanRunErrorTrace**](ScanRunErrorTrace.md) |  | [optional] 
**execution_state** | **str** | Output only. The execution state of the ScanRun. | [optional] 
**has_vulnerabilities** | **bool** | Output only. Whether the scan run has found any vulnerabilities. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Output only. The resource name of the ScanRun. The name follows the format of &#39;projects/{projectId}/scanConfigs/{scanConfigId}/scanRuns/{scanRunId}&#39;. The ScanRun IDs are generated by the system. | [optional] 
**progress_percent** | **int** | Output only. The percentage of total completion ranging from 0 to 100. If the scan is in queue, the value is 0. If the scan is running, the value ranges from 0 to 100. If the scan is finished, the value is 100. | [optional] 
**result_state** | **str** | Output only. The result state of the ScanRun. This field is only available after the execution state reaches \&quot;FINISHED\&quot;. | [optional] 
**start_time** | **str** | Output only. The time at which the ScanRun started. | [optional] 
**urls_crawled_count** | **str** | Output only. The number of URLs crawled during this ScanRun. If the scan is in progress, the value represents the number of URLs crawled up to now. | [optional] 
**urls_tested_count** | **str** | Output only. The number of URLs tested during this ScanRun. If the scan is in progress, the value represents the number of URLs tested up to now. The number of URLs tested is usually larger than the number URLS crawled because typically a crawled URL is tested with multiple test payloads. | [optional] 
**warning_traces** | [**List[ScanRunWarningTrace]**](ScanRunWarningTrace.md) | Output only. A list of warnings, if such are encountered during this scan run. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.scan_run import ScanRun

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ScanRun from a JSON string
scan_run_instance = ScanRun.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ScanRun.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
scan_run_dict = scan_run_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ScanRun from a dict
scan_run_from_dict = ScanRun.from_dict(scan_run_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


