# AppGateway

A BeyondCorp AppGateway resource represents a BeyondCorp protected AppGateway to a remote application. It creates all the necessary GCP components needed for creating a BeyondCorp protected AppGateway. Multiple connectors can be authorised for a single AppGateway.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**allocated_connections** | [**List[AllocatedConnection]**](AllocatedConnection.md) | Output only. A list of connections allocated for the Gateway | [optional] [readonly] 
**create_time** | **str** | Output only. Timestamp when the resource was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**display_name** | **str** | Optional. An arbitrary user-provided name for the AppGateway. Cannot exceed 64 characters. | [optional] 
**host_type** | **str** | Required. The type of hosting used by the AppGateway. | [optional] 
**labels** | **Dict[str, str]** | Optional. Resource labels to represent user provided metadata. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Required. Unique resource name of the AppGateway. The name is ignored when creating an AppGateway. | [optional] 
**state** | **str** | Output only. The current state of the AppGateway. | [optional] [readonly] 
**type** | **str** | Required. The type of network connectivity used by the AppGateway. | [optional] 
**uid** | **str** | Output only. A unique identifier for the instance generated by the system. | [optional] [readonly] 
**update_time** | **str** | Output only. Timestamp when the resource was last modified. | [optional] [readonly] 
**uri** | **str** | Output only. Server-defined URI for this resource. | [optional] [readonly] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.app_gateway import AppGateway

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of AppGateway from a JSON string
app_gateway_instance = AppGateway.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(AppGateway.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
app_gateway_dict = app_gateway_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of AppGateway from a dict
app_gateway_from_dict = AppGateway.from_dict(app_gateway_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


