# Connector

A BeyondCorp connector resource that represents an application facing component deployed proximal to and with direct access to the application instances. It is used to establish connectivity between the remote enterprise environment and GCP. It initiates connections to the applications and can proxy the data from users over the connection.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**create_time** | **str** | Output only. Timestamp when the resource was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**display_name** | **str** | Optional. An arbitrary user-provided name for the connector. Cannot exceed 64 characters. | [optional] 
**labels** | **Dict[str, str]** | Optional. Resource labels to represent user provided metadata. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Required. Unique resource name of the connector. The name is ignored when creating a connector. | [optional] 
**principal_info** | [**PrincipalInfo**](PrincipalInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**resource_info** | [**ResourceInfo**](ResourceInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**state** | **str** | Output only. The current state of the connector. | [optional] [readonly] 
**uid** | **str** | Output only. A unique identifier for the instance generated by the system. | [optional] [readonly] 
**update_time** | **str** | Output only. Timestamp when the resource was last modified. | [optional] [readonly] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.connector import Connector

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Connector from a JSON string
connector_instance = Connector.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Connector.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
connector_dict = connector_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Connector from a dict
connector_from_dict = Connector.from_dict(connector_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


