# Connection

A BeyondCorp Connection resource represents a BeyondCorp protected connection to a remote application. It creates all the necessary GCP components needed for creating a BeyondCorp protected connection. Multiple connectors can be authorised for a single Connection.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**application_endpoint** | [**ApplicationEndpoint**](ApplicationEndpoint.md) |  | [optional] 
**connectors** | **List[str]** | Optional. List of [google.cloud.beyondcorp.v1main.Connector.name] that are authorised to be associated with this Connection. | [optional] 
**create_time** | **str** | Output only. Timestamp when the resource was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**display_name** | **str** | Optional. An arbitrary user-provided name for the connection. Cannot exceed 64 characters. | [optional] 
**gateway** | [**Gateway**](Gateway.md) |  | [optional] 
**labels** | **Dict[str, str]** | Optional. Resource labels to represent user provided metadata. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Required. Unique resource name of the connection. The name is ignored when creating a connection. | [optional] 
**state** | **str** | Output only. The current state of the connection. | [optional] [readonly] 
**type** | **str** | Required. The type of network connectivity used by the connection. | [optional] 
**uid** | **str** | Output only. A unique identifier for the instance generated by the system. | [optional] [readonly] 
**update_time** | **str** | Output only. Timestamp when the resource was last modified. | [optional] [readonly] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.connection import Connection

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Connection from a JSON string
connection_instance = Connection.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Connection.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
connection_dict = connection_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Connection from a dict
connection_from_dict = Connection.from_dict(connection_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


