# Deal

A deal represents a segment of inventory for displaying ads that contains the terms and targeting information that is used for serving as well as the deal stats and status. Note: A proposal may contain multiple deals.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**billed_buyer** | **str** | Output only. When the client field is populated, this field refers to the buyer who creates and manages the client buyer and gets billed on behalf of the client buyer; when the buyer field is populated, this field is the same value as buyer. Format : &#x60;buyers/{buyerAccountId}&#x60; | [optional] [readonly] 
**buyer** | **str** | Output only. Refers to a buyer in The Realtime-bidding API. Format: &#x60;buyers/{buyerAccountId}&#x60; | [optional] [readonly] 
**client** | **str** | Output only. Refers to a Client. Format: &#x60;buyers/{buyerAccountId}/clients/{clientAccountid}&#x60; | [optional] [readonly] 
**create_time** | **str** | Output only. The time of the deal creation. | [optional] [readonly] 
**creative_requirements** | [**CreativeRequirements**](CreativeRequirements.md) |  | [optional] 
**deal_type** | **str** | Output only. Type of deal. | [optional] [readonly] 
**delivery_control** | [**DeliveryControl**](DeliveryControl.md) |  | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | Output only. Free text description for the deal terms. | [optional] [readonly] 
**display_name** | **str** | Output only. The name of the deal. Maximum length of 255 unicode characters is allowed. Control characters are not allowed. Buyers cannot update this field. Note: Not to be confused with name, which is a unique identifier of the deal. | [optional] [readonly] 
**estimated_gross_spend** | [**Money**](Money.md) |  | [optional] 
**flight_end_time** | **str** | Proposed flight end time of the deal. This will generally be stored in a granularity of a second. A value is not necessary for Private Auction deals. | [optional] 
**flight_start_time** | **str** | Proposed flight start time of the deal. This will generally be stored in the granularity of one second since deal serving starts at seconds boundary. Any time specified with more granularity (for example, in milliseconds) will be truncated towards the start of time in seconds. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Immutable. The unique identifier of the deal. Auto-generated by the server when a deal is created. Format: buyers/{accountId}/proposals/{proposalId}/deals/{dealId} | [optional] 
**preferred_deal_terms** | [**PreferredDealTerms**](PreferredDealTerms.md) |  | [optional] 
**private_auction_terms** | [**PrivateAuctionTerms**](PrivateAuctionTerms.md) |  | [optional] 
**programmatic_guaranteed_terms** | [**ProgrammaticGuaranteedTerms**](ProgrammaticGuaranteedTerms.md) |  | [optional] 
**proposal_revision** | **str** | Output only. The revision number for the proposal and is the same value as proposal.proposal_revision. Each update to deal causes the proposal revision number to auto-increment. The buyer keeps track of the last revision number they know of and pass it in when making an update. If the head revision number on the server has since incremented, then an ABORTED error is returned during the update operation to let the buyer know that a subsequent update was made. | [optional] [readonly] 
**publisher_profile** | **str** | Immutable. Reference to the seller on the deal. Format: &#x60;buyers/{buyerAccountId}/publisherProfiles/{publisherProfileId}&#x60; | [optional] 
**seller_time_zone** | [**TimeZone**](TimeZone.md) |  | [optional] 
**targeting** | [**MarketplaceTargeting**](MarketplaceTargeting.md) |  | [optional] 
**update_time** | **str** | Output only. The time when the deal was last updated. | [optional] [readonly] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.deal import Deal

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Deal from a JSON string
deal_instance = Deal.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Deal.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
deal_dict = deal_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Deal from a dict
deal_from_dict = Deal.from_dict(deal_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


