# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
s.config_security(
    security=shared.Security(
        hmac=shared.SchemeHmac(
            api_key="YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
        ),
    )
)
    
req = operations.AssociateServiceQuotaTemplateRequest(
    headers=operations.AssociateServiceQuotaTemplateHeaders(
        x_amz_algorithm="ut",
        x_amz_content_sha256="et",
        x_amz_credential="est",
        x_amz_date="consectetur",
        x_amz_security_token="dignissimos",
        x_amz_signature="ut",
        x_amz_signed_headers="et",
        x_amz_target="ServiceQuotasV20190624.AssociateServiceQuotaTemplate",
    ),
    request={
        "veritatis": "molestiae",
        "ad": "aut",
        "esse": "rerum",
    },
)
    
res = s.sdk.associate_service_quota_template(req)

if res.associate_service_quota_template_response is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `associate_service_quota_template` - Associates your quota request template with your organization. When a new account is created in your organization, the quota increase requests in the template are automatically applied to the account. You can add a quota increase request for any adjustable quota to your template.
* `delete_service_quota_increase_request_from_template` - Deletes the quota increase request for the specified quota from your quota request template.
* `disassociate_service_quota_template` - Disables your quota request template. After a template is disabled, the quota increase requests in the template are not applied to new accounts in your organization. Disabling a quota request template does not apply its quota increase requests.
* `get_aws_default_service_quota` - Retrieves the default value for the specified quota. The default value does not reflect any quota increases.
* `get_association_for_service_quota_template` - Retrieves the status of the association for the quota request template.
* `get_requested_service_quota_change` - Retrieves information about the specified quota increase request.
* `get_service_quota` - Retrieves the applied quota value for the specified quota. For some quotas, only the default values are available. If the applied quota value is not available for a quota, the quota is not retrieved.
* `get_service_quota_increase_request_from_template` - Retrieves information about the specified quota increase request in your quota request template.
* `list_aws_default_service_quotas` - Lists the default values for the quotas for the specified AWS service. A default value does not reflect any quota increases.
* `list_requested_service_quota_change_history` - Retrieves the quota increase requests for the specified service.
* `list_requested_service_quota_change_history_by_quota` - Retrieves the quota increase requests for the specified quota.
* `list_service_quota_increase_requests_in_template` - Lists the quota increase requests in the specified quota request template.
* `list_service_quotas` - Lists the applied quota values for the specified AWS service. For some quotas, only the default values are available. If the applied quota value is not available for a quota, the quota is not retrieved.
* `list_services` - Lists the names and codes for the services integrated with Service Quotas.
* `list_tags_for_resource` - Returns a list of the tags assigned to the specified applied quota.
* `put_service_quota_increase_request_into_template` - Adds a quota increase request to your quota request template.
* `request_service_quota_increase` - Submits a quota increase request for the specified quota.
* `tag_resource` - Adds tags to the specified applied quota. You can include one or more tags to add to the quota.
* `untag_resource` - Removes tags from the specified applied quota. You can specify one or more tags to remove.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
