# Instance

A server.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**create_time** | **str** | Output only. Create a time stamp. | [optional] [readonly] 
**firmware_version** | **str** | Output only. The firmware version for the instance. | [optional] [readonly] 
**hyperthreading_enabled** | **bool** | True if you enable hyperthreading for the server, otherwise false. The default value is false. | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | Output only. An identifier for the &#x60;Instance&#x60;, generated by the backend. | [optional] [readonly] 
**interactive_serial_console_enabled** | **bool** | Output only. True if the interactive serial console feature is enabled for the instance, false otherwise. The default value is false. | [optional] [readonly] 
**kms_key_version** | **str** | Optional. Name of the KMS crypto key version used to encrypt the initial passwords. The key has to have ASYMMETRIC_DECRYPT purpose. Format is &#x60;projects/{project}/locations/{location}/keyRings/{keyring}/cryptoKeys/{key}/cryptoKeyVersions/{version}&#x60;. | [optional] 
**labels** | **Dict[str, str]** | Labels as key value pairs. | [optional] 
**logical_interfaces** | [**List[GoogleCloudBaremetalsolutionV2LogicalInterface]**](GoogleCloudBaremetalsolutionV2LogicalInterface.md) | List of logical interfaces for the instance. The number of logical interfaces will be the same as number of hardware bond/nic on the chosen network template. For the non-multivlan configurations (for eg, existing servers) that use existing default network template (bondaa-bondaa), both the Instance.networks field and the Instance.logical_interfaces fields will be filled to ensure backward compatibility. For the others, only Instance.logical_interfaces will be filled. | [optional] 
**login_info** | **str** | Output only. Text field about info for logging in. | [optional] [readonly] 
**luns** | [**List[Lun]**](Lun.md) | Immutable. List of LUNs associated with this server. | [optional] 
**machine_type** | **str** | Immutable. The server type. [Available server types](https://cloud.google.com/bare-metal/docs/bms-planning#server_configurations) | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Immutable. The resource name of this &#x60;Instance&#x60;. Resource names are schemeless URIs that follow the conventions in https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names. Format: &#x60;projects/{project}/locations/{location}/instances/{instance}&#x60; | [optional] 
**network_template** | **str** | Instance network template name. For eg, bondaa-bondaa, bondab-nic, etc. Generally, the template name follows the syntax of \&quot;bond\&quot; or \&quot;nic\&quot;. | [optional] 
**networks** | [**List[Network]**](Network.md) | Output only. List of networks associated with this server. | [optional] [readonly] 
**os_image** | **str** | The OS image currently installed on the server. | [optional] 
**pod** | **str** | Immutable. Pod name. Pod is an independent part of infrastructure. Instance can only be connected to the assets (networks, volumes) allocated in the same pod. | [optional] 
**ssh_keys** | **List[str]** | Optional. List of SSH Keys used during instance provisioning. | [optional] 
**state** | **str** | Output only. The state of the server. | [optional] [readonly] 
**update_time** | **str** | Output only. Update a time stamp. | [optional] [readonly] 
**volumes** | [**List[Volume]**](Volume.md) | Input only. List of Volumes to attach to this Instance on creation. This field won&#39;t be populated in Get/List responses. | [optional] 
**workload_profile** | **str** | The workload profile for the instance. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.instance import Instance

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Instance from a JSON string
instance_instance = Instance.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Instance.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
instance_dict = instance_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Instance from a dict
instance_from_dict = Instance.from_dict(instance_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


