# Network

A Network.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**cidr** | **str** | The cidr of the Network. | [optional] 
**gateway_ip** | **str** | Output only. Gateway ip address. | [optional] [readonly] 
**id** | **str** | An identifier for the &#x60;Network&#x60;, generated by the backend. | [optional] 
**ip_address** | **str** | IP address configured. | [optional] 
**jumbo_frames_enabled** | **bool** | Whether network uses standard frames or jumbo ones. | [optional] 
**labels** | **Dict[str, str]** | Labels as key value pairs. | [optional] 
**mac_address** | **List[str]** | List of physical interfaces. | [optional] 
**mount_points** | [**List[NetworkMountPoint]**](NetworkMountPoint.md) | Input only. List of mount points to attach the network to. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Output only. The resource name of this &#x60;Network&#x60;. Resource names are schemeless URIs that follow the conventions in https://cloud.google.com/apis/design/resource_names. Format: &#x60;projects/{project}/locations/{location}/networks/{network}&#x60; | [optional] [readonly] 
**pod** | **str** | Immutable. Pod name. Pod is an independent part of infrastructure. Network can only be connected to the assets (instances, nfsshares) allocated in the same pod. | [optional] 
**reservations** | [**List[NetworkAddressReservation]**](NetworkAddressReservation.md) | List of IP address reservations in this network. When updating this field, an error will be generated if a reservation conflicts with an IP address already allocated to a physical server. | [optional] 
**services_cidr** | **str** | IP range for reserved for services (e.g. NFS). | [optional] 
**state** | **str** | The Network state. | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | The type of this network. | [optional] 
**vlan_id** | **str** | The vlan id of the Network. | [optional] 
**vrf** | [**VRF**](VRF.md) |  | [optional] 
**vrf_attachment** | **str** | Optional. The name of a pre-existing Vrf that the network should be attached to. Format is &#x60;vrfs/{vrf}&#x60;. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.network import Network

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Network from a JSON string
network_instance = Network.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Network.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
network_dict = network_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Network from a dict
network_from_dict = Network.from_dict(network_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


