# TaskGroup

A TaskGroup defines one or more Tasks that all share the same TaskSpec.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**name** | **str** | Output only. TaskGroup name. The system generates this field based on parent Job name. For example: \&quot;projects/123456/locations/us-west1/jobs/job01/taskGroups/group01\&quot;. | [optional] [readonly] 
**parallelism** | **str** | Max number of tasks that can run in parallel. Default to min(task_count, parallel tasks per job limit). See: [Job Limits](https://cloud.google.com/batch/quotas#job_limits). Field parallelism must be 1 if the scheduling_policy is IN_ORDER. | [optional] 
**permissive_ssh** | **bool** | When true, Batch will configure SSH to allow passwordless login between VMs running the Batch tasks in the same TaskGroup. | [optional] 
**require_hosts_file** | **bool** | When true, Batch will populate a file with a list of all VMs assigned to the TaskGroup and set the BATCH_HOSTS_FILE environment variable to the path of that file. Defaults to false. The host file supports up to 1000 VMs. | [optional] 
**run_as_non_root** | **bool** | Optional. If not set or set to false, Batch uses the root user to execute runnables. If set to true, Batch runs the runnables using a non-root user. Currently, the non-root user Batch used is generated by OS Login. For more information, see [About OS Login](https://cloud.google.com/compute/docs/oslogin). | [optional] 
**scheduling_policy** | **str** | Scheduling policy for Tasks in the TaskGroup. The default value is AS_SOON_AS_POSSIBLE. | [optional] 
**task_count** | **str** | Number of Tasks in the TaskGroup. Default is 1. | [optional] 
**task_count_per_node** | **str** | Max number of tasks that can be run on a VM at the same time. If not specified, the system will decide a value based on available compute resources on a VM and task requirements. | [optional] 
**task_environments** | [**List[Environment]**](Environment.md) | An array of environment variable mappings, which are passed to Tasks with matching indices. If task_environments is used then task_count should not be specified in the request (and will be ignored). Task count will be the length of task_environments. Tasks get a BATCH_TASK_INDEX and BATCH_TASK_COUNT environment variable, in addition to any environment variables set in task_environments, specifying the number of Tasks in the Task&#39;s parent TaskGroup, and the specific Task&#39;s index in the TaskGroup (0 through BATCH_TASK_COUNT - 1). | [optional] 
**task_spec** | [**TaskSpec**](TaskSpec.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.task_group import TaskGroup

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of TaskGroup from a JSON string
task_group_instance = TaskGroup.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(TaskGroup.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
task_group_dict = task_group_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of TaskGroup from a dict
task_group_from_dict = TaskGroup.from_dict(task_group_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


