# AlertPolicy

A description of the conditions under which some aspect of your system is considered to be \"unhealthy\" and the ways to notify people or services about this state. For an overview of alert policies, see Introduction to Alerting (https://cloud.google.com/monitoring/alerts/).

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**alert_strategy** | [**AlertStrategy**](AlertStrategy.md) |  | [optional] 
**combiner** | **str** | How to combine the results of multiple conditions to determine if an incident should be opened. If condition_time_series_query_language is present, this must be COMBINE_UNSPECIFIED. | [optional] 
**conditions** | [**List[Condition]**](Condition.md) | A list of conditions for the policy. The conditions are combined by AND or OR according to the combiner field. If the combined conditions evaluate to true, then an incident is created. A policy can have from one to six conditions. If condition_time_series_query_language is present, it must be the only condition. If condition_monitoring_query_language is present, it must be the only condition. | [optional] 
**creation_record** | [**MutationRecord**](MutationRecord.md) |  | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | A short name or phrase used to identify the policy in dashboards, notifications, and incidents. To avoid confusion, don&#39;t use the same display name for multiple policies in the same project. The name is limited to 512 Unicode characters.The convention for the display_name of a PrometheusQueryLanguageCondition is \&quot;{rule group name}/{alert name}\&quot;, where the {rule group name} and {alert name} should be taken from the corresponding Prometheus configuration file. This convention is not enforced. In any case the display_name is not a unique key of the AlertPolicy. | [optional] 
**documentation** | [**Documentation**](Documentation.md) |  | [optional] 
**enabled** | **bool** | Whether or not the policy is enabled. On write, the default interpretation if unset is that the policy is enabled. On read, clients should not make any assumption about the state if it has not been populated. The field should always be populated on List and Get operations, unless a field projection has been specified that strips it out. | [optional] 
**mutation_record** | [**MutationRecord**](MutationRecord.md) |  | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Required if the policy exists. The resource name for this policy. The format is: projects/[PROJECT_ID_OR_NUMBER]/alertPolicies/[ALERT_POLICY_ID] [ALERT_POLICY_ID] is assigned by Cloud Monitoring when the policy is created. When calling the alertPolicies.create method, do not include the name field in the alerting policy passed as part of the request. | [optional] 
**notification_channels** | **List[str]** | Identifies the notification channels to which notifications should be sent when incidents are opened or closed or when new violations occur on an already opened incident. Each element of this array corresponds to the name field in each of the NotificationChannel objects that are returned from the ListNotificationChannels method. The format of the entries in this field is: projects/[PROJECT_ID_OR_NUMBER]/notificationChannels/[CHANNEL_ID]  | [optional] 
**severity** | **str** | Optional. The severity of an alert policy indicates how important incidents generated by that policy are. The severity level will be displayed on the Incident detail page and in notifications. | [optional] 
**user_labels** | **Dict[str, str]** | User-supplied key/value data to be used for organizing and identifying the AlertPolicy objects.The field can contain up to 64 entries. Each key and value is limited to 63 Unicode characters or 128 bytes, whichever is smaller. Labels and values can contain only lowercase letters, numerals, underscores, and dashes. Keys must begin with a letter.Note that Prometheus {alert name} is a valid Prometheus label names (https://prometheus.io/docs/concepts/data_model/#metric-names-and-labels), whereas Prometheus {rule group} is an unrestricted UTF-8 string. This means that they cannot be stored as-is in user labels, because they may contain characters that are not allowed in user-label values. | [optional] 
**validity** | [**Status**](Status.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.alert_policy import AlertPolicy

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of AlertPolicy from a JSON string
alert_policy_instance = AlertPolicy.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(AlertPolicy.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
alert_policy_dict = alert_policy_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of AlertPolicy from a dict
alert_policy_from_dict = AlertPolicy.from_dict(alert_policy_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


