# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { CloudsupportCaseClassificationsSearchRequest, CloudsupportCaseClassificationsSearchResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";


const sdk = new SDK();
    
const req: CloudsupportCaseClassificationsSearchRequest = {
  security: {
    oauth2: {
      authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
    }
    oauth2c: {
      authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
    },
  },
  queryParams: {
    dollarXgafv: "2",
    accessToken: "ut",
    alt: "media",
    callback: "consequatur",
    fields: "adipisci",
    key: "itaque",
    oauthToken: "ut",
    pageSize: 1440008394181417633,
    pageToken: "omnis",
    prettyPrint: true,
    query: "fugiat",
    quotaUser: "in",
    uploadType: "ducimus",
    uploadProtocol: "sed",
  },
};

sdk.caseClassifications.cloudsupportCaseClassificationsSearch(req).then((res: CloudsupportCaseClassificationsSearchResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### caseClassifications

* `cloudsupportCaseClassificationsSearch` - Retrieve valid classifications to be used when creating a support case. The classications are hierarchical, with each classification containing all levels of the hierarchy, separated by " > ". For example "Technical Issue > Compute > Compute Engine".

### cases

* `cloudsupportCasesAttachmentsList` - Retrieve all attachments associated with a support case.
* `cloudsupportCasesClose` - Close the specified case.
* `cloudsupportCasesCommentsCreate` - Add a new comment to the specified Case. The comment object must have the following fields set: body.
* `cloudsupportCasesCommentsList` - Retrieve all Comments associated with the Case object.
* `cloudsupportCasesCreate` - Create a new case and associate it with the given Cloud resource. The case object must have the following fields set: display_name, description, classification, and severity.
* `cloudsupportCasesEscalate` - Escalate a case. Escalating a case will initiate the Cloud Support escalation management process. This operation is only available to certain Customer Care tiers. Go to https://cloud.google.com/support and look for 'Technical support escalations' in the feature list to find out which tiers are able to perform escalations.
* `cloudsupportCasesGet` - Retrieve the specified case.
* `cloudsupportCasesList` - Retrieve all cases under the specified parent. Note: Listing cases under an Organization returns only the cases directly parented by that organization. To retrieve all cases under an organization, including cases parented by projects under that organization, use `cases.search`.
* `cloudsupportCasesPatch` - Update the specified case. Only a subset of fields (display_name, description, time_zone, subscriber_email_addresses, related_resources, severity, priority, primary_contact, and labels) can be updated.
* `cloudsupportCasesSearch` - Search cases using the specified query.

### media

* `cloudsupportMediaDownload` - Download a file attachment on a case. Note: HTTP requests must append "?alt=media" to the URL.
* `cloudsupportMediaUpload` - Create a file attachment on a case or Cloud resource. The attachment object must have the following fields set: filename.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
