# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    s := sdk.New()
    
    req := operations.CloudsupportCaseClassificationsSearchRequest{
        Security: operations.CloudsupportCaseClassificationsSearchSecurity{
            Oauth2: shared.SchemeOauth2{
                Authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
            }
            Oauth2c: shared.SchemeOauth2c{
                Authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
            },
        },
        QueryParams: operations.CloudsupportCaseClassificationsSearchQueryParams{
            DollarXgafv: "2",
            AccessToken: "ut",
            Alt: "media",
            Callback: "consequatur",
            Fields: "adipisci",
            Key: "itaque",
            OauthToken: "ut",
            PageSize: 1440008394181417633,
            PageToken: "omnis",
            PrettyPrint: true,
            Query: "fugiat",
            QuotaUser: "in",
            UploadType: "ducimus",
            UploadProtocol: "sed",
        },
    }
    
    res, err := s.CaseClassifications.CloudsupportCaseClassificationsSearch(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.SearchCaseClassificationsResponse != nil {
        // handle response
    }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### caseClassifications

* `CloudsupportCaseClassificationsSearch` - Retrieve valid classifications to be used when creating a support case. The classications are hierarchical, with each classification containing all levels of the hierarchy, separated by " > ". For example "Technical Issue > Compute > Compute Engine".

### cases

* `CloudsupportCasesAttachmentsList` - Retrieve all attachments associated with a support case.
* `CloudsupportCasesClose` - Close the specified case.
* `CloudsupportCasesCommentsCreate` - Add a new comment to the specified Case. The comment object must have the following fields set: body.
* `CloudsupportCasesCommentsList` - Retrieve all Comments associated with the Case object.
* `CloudsupportCasesCreate` - Create a new case and associate it with the given Cloud resource. The case object must have the following fields set: display_name, description, classification, and severity.
* `CloudsupportCasesEscalate` - Escalate a case. Escalating a case will initiate the Cloud Support escalation management process. This operation is only available to certain Customer Care tiers. Go to https://cloud.google.com/support and look for 'Technical support escalations' in the feature list to find out which tiers are able to perform escalations.
* `CloudsupportCasesGet` - Retrieve the specified case.
* `CloudsupportCasesList` - Retrieve all cases under the specified parent. Note: Listing cases under an Organization returns only the cases directly parented by that organization. To retrieve all cases under an organization, including cases parented by projects under that organization, use `cases.search`.
* `CloudsupportCasesPatch` - Update the specified case. Only a subset of fields (display_name, description, time_zone, subscriber_email_addresses, related_resources, severity, priority, primary_contact, and labels) can be updated.
* `CloudsupportCasesSearch` - Search cases using the specified query.

### media

* `CloudsupportMediaDownload` - Download a file attachment on a case. Note: HTTP requests must append "?alt=media" to the URL.
* `CloudsupportMediaUpload` - Create a file attachment on a case or Cloud resource. The attachment object must have the following fields set: filename.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
