# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
    
req = operations.SecretmanagerProjectsLocationsListRequest(
    security=operations.SecretmanagerProjectsLocationsListSecurity(
        oauth2=shared.SchemeOauth2(
            authorization="Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
        )
        oauth2c=shared.SchemeOauth2c(
            authorization="Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
        ),
    ),
    path_params=operations.SecretmanagerProjectsLocationsListPathParams(
        name="mollitia",
    ),
    query_params=operations.SecretmanagerProjectsLocationsListQueryParams(
        dollar_xgafv="2",
        access_token="temporibus",
        alt="media",
        callback="sit",
        fields="est",
        filter="dolore",
        key="suscipit",
        oauth_token="doloribus",
        page_size=7583896774153310800,
        page_token="voluptatem",
        pretty_print=False,
        quota_user="voluptas",
        upload_type="et",
        upload_protocol="magnam",
    ),
)
    
res = s.projects.secretmanager_projects_locations_list(req)

if res.list_locations_response is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### projects

* `secretmanager_projects_locations_list` - Lists information about the supported locations for this service.
* `secretmanager_projects_secrets_add_version` - Creates a new SecretVersion containing secret data and attaches it to an existing Secret.
* `secretmanager_projects_secrets_create` - Creates a new Secret containing no SecretVersions.
* `secretmanager_projects_secrets_delete` - Deletes a Secret.
* `secretmanager_projects_secrets_get_iam_policy` - Gets the access control policy for a secret. Returns empty policy if the secret exists and does not have a policy set.
* `secretmanager_projects_secrets_list` - Lists Secrets.
* `secretmanager_projects_secrets_patch` - Updates metadata of an existing Secret.
* `secretmanager_projects_secrets_set_iam_policy` - Sets the access control policy on the specified secret. Replaces any existing policy. Permissions on SecretVersions are enforced according to the policy set on the associated Secret.
* `secretmanager_projects_secrets_test_iam_permissions` - Returns permissions that a caller has for the specified secret. If the secret does not exist, this call returns an empty set of permissions, not a NOT_FOUND error. Note: This operation is designed to be used for building permission-aware UIs and command-line tools, not for authorization checking. This operation may "fail open" without warning.
* `secretmanager_projects_secrets_versions_access` - Accesses a SecretVersion. This call returns the secret data. `projects/*/secrets/*/versions/latest` is an alias to the most recently created SecretVersion.
* `secretmanager_projects_secrets_versions_destroy` - Destroys a SecretVersion. Sets the state of the SecretVersion to DESTROYED and irrevocably destroys the secret data.
* `secretmanager_projects_secrets_versions_disable` - Disables a SecretVersion. Sets the state of the SecretVersion to DISABLED.
* `secretmanager_projects_secrets_versions_enable` - Enables a SecretVersion. Sets the state of the SecretVersion to ENABLED.
* `secretmanager_projects_secrets_versions_get` - Gets metadata for a SecretVersion. `projects/*/secrets/*/versions/latest` is an alias to the most recently created SecretVersion.
* `secretmanager_projects_secrets_versions_list` - Lists SecretVersions. This call does not return secret data.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
