# CreativeAsset

Creative Asset.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**action_script3** | **bool** | Whether ActionScript3 is enabled for the flash asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative type: FLASH_INPAGE. Applicable to DISPLAY when the primary asset type is not HTML_IMAGE. | [optional] 
**active** | **bool** | Whether the video or audio asset is active. This is a read-only field for VPAID_NON_LINEAR_VIDEO assets. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_AUDIO, INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**additional_sizes** | [**List[Size]**](Size.md) | Additional sizes associated with this creative asset. HTML5 asset generated by compatible software such as GWD will be able to support more sizes this creative asset can render. | [optional] 
**alignment** | **str** | Possible alignments for an asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: RICH_MEDIA_DISPLAY_MULTI_FLOATING_INTERSTITIAL . | [optional] 
**artwork_type** | **str** | Artwork type of rich media creative. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**asset_identifier** | [**CreativeAssetId**](CreativeAssetId.md) |  | [optional] 
**audio_bit_rate** | **int** | Audio stream bit rate in kbps. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_AUDIO, INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**audio_sample_rate** | **int** | Audio sample bit rate in hertz. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_AUDIO, INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**backup_image_exit** | [**CreativeCustomEvent**](CreativeCustomEvent.md) |  | [optional] 
**bit_rate** | **int** | Detected bit-rate for audio or video asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_AUDIO, INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**child_asset_type** | **str** | Rich media child asset type. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: all VPAID. | [optional] 
**collapsed_size** | [**Size**](Size.md) |  | [optional] 
**companion_creative_ids** | **List[str]** | List of companion creatives assigned to an in-stream video creative asset. Acceptable values include IDs of existing flash and image creatives. Applicable to INSTREAM_VIDEO creative type with dynamicAssetSelection set to true. | [optional] 
**custom_start_time_value** | **int** | Custom start time in seconds for making the asset visible. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. Value must be greater than or equal to 0. | [optional] 
**detected_features** | **List[str]** | List of feature dependencies for the creative asset that are detected by Campaign Manager. Feature dependencies are features that a browser must be able to support in order to render your HTML5 creative correctly. This is a read-only, auto-generated field. Applicable to the following creative types: HTML5_BANNER. Applicable to DISPLAY when the primary asset type is not HTML_IMAGE. | [optional] 
**display_type** | **str** | Type of rich media asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**duration** | **int** | Duration in seconds for which an asset will be displayed. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_AUDIO, INSTREAM_VIDEO and VPAID_LINEAR_VIDEO. Value must be greater than or equal to 1. | [optional] 
**duration_type** | **str** | Duration type for which an asset will be displayed. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**expanded_dimension** | [**Size**](Size.md) |  | [optional] 
**file_size** | **str** | File size associated with this creative asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to all but the following creative types: all REDIRECT and TRACKING_TEXT. | [optional] 
**flash_version** | **int** | Flash version of the asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: FLASH_INPAGE, all RICH_MEDIA, and all VPAID. Applicable to DISPLAY when the primary asset type is not HTML_IMAGE. | [optional] 
**frame_rate** | **float** | Video frame rate for video asset in frames per second. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**hide_flash_objects** | **bool** | Whether to hide Flash objects flag for an asset. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**hide_selection_boxes** | **bool** | Whether to hide selection boxes flag for an asset. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**horizontally_locked** | **bool** | Whether the asset is horizontally locked. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | Numeric ID of this creative asset. This is a required field and should not be modified. Applicable to all but the following creative types: all REDIRECT and TRACKING_TEXT. | [optional] 
**id_dimension_value** | [**DimensionValue**](DimensionValue.md) |  | [optional] 
**media_duration** | **float** | Detected duration for audio or video asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_AUDIO, INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**mime_type** | **str** | Detected MIME type for audio or video asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_AUDIO, INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**offset** | [**OffsetPosition**](OffsetPosition.md) |  | [optional] 
**orientation** | **str** | Orientation of video asset. This is a read-only, auto-generated field. | [optional] 
**original_backup** | **bool** | Whether the backup asset is original or changed by the user in Campaign Manager. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**polite_load** | **bool** | Whether this asset is used as a polite load asset. | [optional] 
**position** | [**OffsetPosition**](OffsetPosition.md) |  | [optional] 
**position_left_unit** | **str** | Offset left unit for an asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**position_top_unit** | **str** | Offset top unit for an asset. This is a read-only field if the asset displayType is ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_OVERLAY. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**progressive_serving_url** | **str** | Progressive URL for video asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**pushdown** | **bool** | Whether the asset pushes down other content. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. Additionally, only applicable when the asset offsets are 0, the collapsedSize.width matches size.width, and the collapsedSize.height is less than size.height. | [optional] 
**pushdown_duration** | **float** | Pushdown duration in seconds for an asset. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA.Additionally, only applicable when the asset pushdown field is true, the offsets are 0, the collapsedSize.width matches size.width, and the collapsedSize.height is less than size.height. Acceptable values are 0 to 9.99, inclusive. | [optional] 
**role** | **str** | Role of the asset in relation to creative. Applicable to all but the following creative types: all REDIRECT and TRACKING_TEXT. This is a required field. PRIMARY applies to DISPLAY, FLASH_INPAGE, HTML5_BANNER, IMAGE, DISPLAY_IMAGE_GALLERY, all RICH_MEDIA (which may contain multiple primary assets), and all VPAID creatives. BACKUP_IMAGE applies to FLASH_INPAGE, HTML5_BANNER, all RICH_MEDIA, and all VPAID creatives. Applicable to DISPLAY when the primary asset type is not HTML_IMAGE. ADDITIONAL_IMAGE and ADDITIONAL_FLASH apply to FLASH_INPAGE creatives. OTHER refers to assets from sources other than Campaign Manager, such as Studio uploaded assets, applicable to all RICH_MEDIA and all VPAID creatives. PARENT_VIDEO refers to videos uploaded by the user in Campaign Manager and is applicable to INSTREAM_VIDEO and VPAID_LINEAR_VIDEO creatives. TRANSCODED_VIDEO refers to videos transcoded by Campaign Manager from PARENT_VIDEO assets and is applicable to INSTREAM_VIDEO and VPAID_LINEAR_VIDEO creatives. ALTERNATE_VIDEO refers to the Campaign Manager representation of child asset videos from Studio, and is applicable to VPAID_LINEAR_VIDEO creatives. These cannot be added or removed within Campaign Manager. For VPAID_LINEAR_VIDEO creatives, PARENT_VIDEO, TRANSCODED_VIDEO and ALTERNATE_VIDEO assets that are marked active serve as backup in case the VPAID creative cannot be served. Only PARENT_VIDEO assets can be added or removed for an INSTREAM_VIDEO or VPAID_LINEAR_VIDEO creative. PARENT_AUDIO refers to audios uploaded by the user in Campaign Manager and is applicable to INSTREAM_AUDIO creatives. TRANSCODED_AUDIO refers to audios transcoded by Campaign Manager from PARENT_AUDIO assets and is applicable to INSTREAM_AUDIO creatives.  | [optional] 
**size** | [**Size**](Size.md) |  | [optional] 
**ssl_compliant** | **bool** | Whether the asset is SSL-compliant. This is a read-only field. Applicable to all but the following creative types: all REDIRECT and TRACKING_TEXT. | [optional] 
**start_time_type** | **str** | Initial wait time type before making the asset visible. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**streaming_serving_url** | **str** | Streaming URL for video asset. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: INSTREAM_VIDEO and all VPAID. | [optional] 
**transparency** | **bool** | Whether the asset is transparent. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. Additionally, only applicable to HTML5 assets. | [optional] 
**vertically_locked** | **bool** | Whether the asset is vertically locked. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA. | [optional] 
**window_mode** | **str** | Window mode options for flash assets. Applicable to the following creative types: FLASH_INPAGE, RICH_MEDIA_DISPLAY_EXPANDING, RICH_MEDIA_IM_EXPAND, RICH_MEDIA_DISPLAY_BANNER, and RICH_MEDIA_INPAGE_FLOATING. | [optional] 
**z_index** | **int** | zIndex value of an asset. Applicable to the following creative types: all RICH_MEDIA.Additionally, only applicable to assets whose displayType is NOT one of the following types: ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_INPAGE or ASSET_DISPLAY_TYPE_OVERLAY. Acceptable values are -999999999 to 999999999, inclusive. | [optional] 
**zip_filename** | **str** | File name of zip file. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: HTML5_BANNER. | [optional] 
**zip_filesize** | **str** | Size of zip file. This is a read-only field. Applicable to the following creative types: HTML5_BANNER. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.creative_asset import CreativeAsset

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of CreativeAsset from a JSON string
creative_asset_instance = CreativeAsset.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(CreativeAsset.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
creative_asset_dict = creative_asset_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of CreativeAsset from a dict
creative_asset_from_dict = CreativeAsset.from_dict(creative_asset_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


