# openapi-client
Helps acquirers identify potentially high-risk merchants before entering to a merchant agreement.

This Python package is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Generator version: 7.9.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.PythonClientCodegen

## Requirements.

Python 3.7+

## Installation & Usage
### pip install

If the python package is hosted on a repository, you can install directly using:

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git
```
(you may need to run `pip` with root permission: `sudo pip install git+https://github.com/GIT_USER_ID/GIT_REPO_ID.git`)

Then import the package:
```python
import openapi_client
```

### Setuptools

Install via [Setuptools](http://pypi.python.org/pypi/setuptools).

```sh
python setup.py install --user
```
(or `sudo python setup.py install` to install the package for all users)

Then import the package:
```python
import openapi_client
```

### Tests

Execute `pytest` to run the tests.

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation procedure](#installation--usage) and then run the following:

```python

import openapi_client
from openapi_client.rest import ApiException
from pprint import pprint

# Defining the host is optional and defaults to https://api.mastercard.com
# See configuration.py for a list of all supported configuration parameters.
configuration = openapi_client.Configuration(
    host = "https://api.mastercard.com"
)



# Enter a context with an instance of the API client
with openapi_client.ApiClient(configuration) as api_client:
    # Create an instance of the API class
    api_instance = openapi_client.AcquirerContactRequestApi(api_client)
    contact_request = openapi_client.ContactRequestSchema() # ContactRequestSchema | The contact request object

    try:
        # Returns the contact information for the acquirer id requested. When MATCH returns a possible merchant match, this resource assists users by retrieving the contact information associated with the Acquirer ID/ICA that added the merchant to MATCH.
        api_response = api_instance.fraud_merchant_v3_common_contact_details_post(contact_request)
        print("The response of AcquirerContactRequestApi->fraud_merchant_v3_common_contact_details_post:\n")
        pprint(api_response)
    except ApiException as e:
        print("Exception when calling AcquirerContactRequestApi->fraud_merchant_v3_common_contact_details_post: %s\n" % e)

```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://api.mastercard.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*AcquirerContactRequestApi* | [**fraud_merchant_v3_common_contact_details_post**](docs/AcquirerContactRequestApi.md#fraud_merchant_v3_common_contact_details_post) | **POST** /fraud/merchant/v3/common/contact-details | Returns the contact information for the acquirer id requested. When MATCH returns a possible merchant match, this resource assists users by retrieving the contact information associated with the Acquirer ID/ICA that added the merchant to MATCH.
*AddTerminatedMerchantApi* | [**fraud_merchant_v3_add_merchant_post**](docs/AddTerminatedMerchantApi.md#fraud_merchant_v3_add_merchant_post) | **POST** /fraud/merchant/v3/add-merchant | Used by Acquirers to add a terminated a merchant in the MATCH system. Merchant information, and up to five principal owners per merchant, can be provided by an acquiring bank as part of the listing.
*RetroactiveInquiryDetailsRequestApi* | [**fraud_merchant_v3_retro_retro_inquiry_details_post**](docs/RetroactiveInquiryDetailsRequestApi.md#fraud_merchant_v3_retro_retro_inquiry_details_post) | **POST** /fraud/merchant/v3/retro/retro-inquiry-details | Returns detailed information about Merchants, URLs and up to five principal owners, that have been terminated by an acquiring bank after the inquiry was made.  This MATCH resource assists acquirer&#39;s ability to consider the merchants terminated after the inquiry was made. If an initial inquiry does not result in a possible match, it is still possible that the merchant listing could appear sometime in the next 360 days. This may occur when another acquirer enters the merchant into the MATCH database. The system will automatically continue to search the MATCH system for 360 days. To view these notifications, acquirers must use the Retroactive Inquiry Summary service. This resource can be used to obtain detailed information, such as, if a Merchant or individual has been terminated by another acquirer after an inquiry was made, the reason for termination, and the history of fraudulent or risky business practices that led to that termination.
*RetroactiveInquiryRequestApi* | [**fraud_merchant_v3_retro_retro_list_post**](docs/RetroactiveInquiryRequestApi.md#fraud_merchant_v3_retro_retro_list_post) | **POST** /fraud/merchant/v3/retro/retro-list | Returns the summary of Retro matches for the given Acquirer Id. This resource will return the summary of Retroactive Inquiry matches for the given Acquirer ID/ICA. If an initial inquiry does not result in a possible match, it is still possible that the merchant listing could appear sometime in the next 360 days. This may occur when another acquirer enters the merchant into the MATCH database. The system will automatically continue to search the MATCH system for 360 days. To view these notifications, acquirers must use the Retroactive Inquiry service.
*TerminationInquiryRequestApi* | [**fraud_merchant_v3_termination_inquiry_post**](docs/TerminationInquiryRequestApi.md#fraud_merchant_v3_termination_inquiry_post) | **POST** /fraud/merchant/v3/termination-inquiry | Returns information on merchants that have been terminated and merchants that have inquired upon. Provides the acquiring bank with information, such as, if a Merchant or individual has been terminated by another acquirer already, the reason for termination, the history of fraudulent or risky business practices that led to that termination and the inquiry that was made already on the Merchant or individual by own or another acquiring bank (if opted).
*TerminationInquiryHistoryRequestApi* | [**fraud_merchant_v3_termination_inquiry_irn_get**](docs/TerminationInquiryHistoryRequestApi.md#fraud_merchant_v3_termination_inquiry_irn_get) | **GET** /fraud/merchant/v3/termination-inquiry/{IRN} | Returns information about Merchants, URLs and up to five principal owners, that have been terminated by an acquiring bank from a previous inquiry. The Inquiry History Results resource displays the inquiry with the option to view either; Possible Merchant Matches or Possible Inquiry Matches.


## Documentation For Models

 - [AddMerchantMerchant](docs/AddMerchantMerchant.md)
 - [AddMerchantRequest](docs/AddMerchantRequest.md)
 - [AddMerchantResponse](docs/AddMerchantResponse.md)
 - [AddTerminatedMerchantRequestSchema](docs/AddTerminatedMerchantRequestSchema.md)
 - [AddTerminatedMerchantResponseSchema](docs/AddTerminatedMerchantResponseSchema.md)
 - [Address](docs/Address.md)
 - [Contact](docs/Contact.md)
 - [ContactRequest](docs/ContactRequest.md)
 - [ContactRequestSchema](docs/ContactRequestSchema.md)
 - [ContactResponse](docs/ContactResponse.md)
 - [ContactResponseSchema](docs/ContactResponseSchema.md)
 - [DriversLicense](docs/DriversLicense.md)
 - [Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [Errors](docs/Errors.md)
 - [ErrorsResponse](docs/ErrorsResponse.md)
 - [InquiredMerchant](docs/InquiredMerchant.md)
 - [InquiredMerchantMerchant](docs/InquiredMerchantMerchant.md)
 - [Merchant](docs/Merchant.md)
 - [MerchantMatch](docs/MerchantMatch.md)
 - [PossibleInquiryMatches](docs/PossibleInquiryMatches.md)
 - [PossibleMerchantMatches](docs/PossibleMerchantMatches.md)
 - [Principal](docs/Principal.md)
 - [PrincipalMatch](docs/PrincipalMatch.md)
 - [RetroInquiryRequest](docs/RetroInquiryRequest.md)
 - [RetroInquiryRequestSchema](docs/RetroInquiryRequestSchema.md)
 - [RetroInquiryResponse](docs/RetroInquiryResponse.md)
 - [RetroInquiryResponseSchema](docs/RetroInquiryResponseSchema.md)
 - [RetroRequest](docs/RetroRequest.md)
 - [RetroRequestSchema](docs/RetroRequestSchema.md)
 - [RetroResponse](docs/RetroResponse.md)
 - [RetroResponseSchema](docs/RetroResponseSchema.md)
 - [SearchCriteria](docs/SearchCriteria.md)
 - [TerminatedMerchant](docs/TerminatedMerchant.md)
 - [TerminationInquiry](docs/TerminationInquiry.md)
 - [TerminationInquiryRequest](docs/TerminationInquiryRequest.md)
 - [TerminationInquiryRequestSchema](docs/TerminationInquiryRequestSchema.md)
 - [TerminationInquirySchema](docs/TerminationInquirySchema.md)
 - [Url](docs/Url.md)
 - [UrlGroup](docs/UrlGroup.md)


<a id="documentation-for-authorization"></a>
## Documentation For Authorization

Endpoints do not require authorization.


## Author




