# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    opts := []sdk.SDKOption{
        sdk.WithSecurity(
            shared.Security{
                Apikey: shared.SchemeApikey{
                    APIKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
                },
            }
        ),
    }

    s := sdk.New(opts...)
    
    req := operations.DeleteProjectUsernameProjectBuildCacheRequest{
        PathParams: operations.DeleteProjectUsernameProjectBuildCachePathParams{
            Project: "molestiae",
            Username: "officia",
        },
    }
    
    res, err := s.Sdk.DeleteProjectUsernameProjectBuildCache(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.DeleteProjectUsernameProjectBuildCache200ApplicationJSONObject != nil {
        // handle response
    }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `DeleteProjectUsernameProjectBuildCache` - Clears the cache for a project.

* `DeleteProjectUsernameProjectCheckoutKeyFingerprint` - Delete a checkout key.

* `DeleteProjectUsernameProjectEnvvarName` - Deletes the environment variable named ':name'

* `GetMe` - Provides information about the signed in user.

* `GetProjectUsernameProject` - Build summary for each of the last 30 builds for a single git repo.

* `GetProjectUsernameProjectBuildNum` - Full details for a single build. The response includes all of the fields from the build summary.
This is also the payload for the [notification webhooks](/docs/configuration/#notify), in which case this object is the value to a key named 'payload'.

* `GetProjectUsernameProjectBuildNumArtifacts` - List the artifacts produced by a given build.

* `GetProjectUsernameProjectBuildNumTests` - Provides test metadata for a build
Note: [Learn how to set up your builds to collect test metadata](https://circleci.com/docs/test-metadata/)

* `GetProjectUsernameProjectCheckoutKey` - Lists checkout keys.

* `GetProjectUsernameProjectCheckoutKeyFingerprint` - Get a checkout key.

* `GetProjectUsernameProjectEnvvar` - Lists the environment variables for :project

* `GetProjectUsernameProjectEnvvarName` - Gets the hidden value of environment variable :name

* `GetProjects` - List of all the projects you're following on CircleCI, with build information organized by branch.

* `GetRecentBuilds` - Build summary for each of the last 30 recent builds, ordered by build_num.

* `PostProjectUsernameProject` - Triggers a new build, returns a summary of the build.

* `PostProjectUsernameProjectBuildNumCancel` - Cancels the build, returns a summary of the build.

* `PostProjectUsernameProjectBuildNumRetry` - Retries the build, returns a summary of the new build.

* `PostProjectUsernameProjectCheckoutKey` - Creates a new checkout key.
Only usable with a user API token.

* `PostProjectUsernameProjectEnvvar` - Creates a new environment variable

* `PostProjectUsernameProjectSSHKey` - Create an ssh key used to access external systems that require SSH key-based authentication

* `PostProjectUsernameProjectTreeBranch` - Triggers a new build, returns a summary of the build.
Optional build parameters can be set using an experimental API.

Note: For more about build parameters, read about [using parameterized builds](https://circleci.com/docs/parameterized-builds/)

* `PostUserHerokuKey` - Adds your Heroku API key to CircleCI, takes apikey as form param name.


<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
