# Customer

When a Google customer's account is registered with a reseller, the customer's subscriptions for Google services are managed by this reseller. A customer is described by a primary domain name and a physical address.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**alternate_email** | **str** | Like the \&quot;Customer email\&quot; in the reseller tools, this email is the secondary contact used if something happens to the customer&#39;s service such as service outage or a security issue. This property is required when creating a new \&quot;domain\&quot; customer and should not use the same domain as &#x60;customerDomain&#x60;. The &#x60;alternateEmail&#x60; field is not necessary to create a \&quot;team\&quot; customer. | [optional] 
**customer_domain** | **str** | The customer&#39;s primary domain name string. &#x60;customerDomain&#x60; is required when creating a new customer. Do not include the &#x60;www&#x60; prefix in the domain when adding a customer. | [optional] 
**customer_domain_verified** | **bool** | Whether the customer&#39;s primary domain has been verified. | [optional] 
**customer_id** | **str** | This property will always be returned in a response as the unique identifier generated by Google. In a request, this property can be either the primary domain or the unique identifier generated by Google. | [optional] 
**customer_type** | **str** | Identifies the type of the customer. Acceptable values include: * &#x60;domain&#x60;: Implies a domain-verified customer (default). * &#x60;team&#x60;: Implies an email-verified customer. For more information, see [managed teams](https://support.google.com/a/users/answer/9939479). | [optional] 
**kind** | **str** | Identifies the resource as a customer. Value: &#x60;reseller#customer&#x60; | [optional] [default to 'reseller#customer']
**phone_number** | **str** | Customer contact phone number. Must start with \&quot;+\&quot; followed by the country code. The rest of the number can be contiguous numbers or respect the phone local format conventions, but it must be a real phone number and not, for example, \&quot;123\&quot;. This field is silently ignored if invalid. | [optional] 
**postal_address** | [**Address**](Address.md) |  | [optional] 
**primary_admin** | [**PrimaryAdmin**](PrimaryAdmin.md) |  | [optional] 
**resource_ui_url** | **str** | URL to customer&#39;s Admin console dashboard. The read-only URL is generated by the API service. This is used if your client application requires the customer to complete a task in the Admin console. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.customer import Customer

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Customer from a JSON string
customer_instance = Customer.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Customer.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
customer_dict = customer_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Customer from a dict
customer_from_dict = Customer.from_dict(customer_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


