# Subscription

JSON template for a subscription.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**billing_method** | **str** | Read-only field that returns the current billing method for a subscription. | [optional] 
**creation_time** | **str** | The &#x60;creationTime&#x60; property is the date when subscription was created. It is in milliseconds using the Epoch format. See an example Epoch converter. | [optional] 
**customer_domain** | **str** | Primary domain name of the customer | [optional] 
**customer_id** | **str** | This property will always be returned in a response as the unique identifier generated by Google. In a request, this property can be either the primary domain or the unique identifier generated by Google. | [optional] 
**deal_code** | **str** | Google-issued code (100 char max) for discounted pricing on subscription plans. Deal code must be included in &#x60;insert&#x60; requests in order to receive discounted rate. This property is optional, regular pricing applies if left empty. | [optional] 
**kind** | **str** | Identifies the resource as a Subscription. Value: &#x60;reseller#subscription&#x60; | [optional] [default to 'reseller#subscription']
**plan** | [**SubscriptionPlan**](SubscriptionPlan.md) |  | [optional] 
**purchase_order_id** | **str** | This is an optional property. This purchase order (PO) information is for resellers to use for their company tracking usage. If a &#x60;purchaseOrderId&#x60; value is given it appears in the API responses and shows up in the invoice. The property accepts up to 80 plain text characters. | [optional] 
**renewal_settings** | [**RenewalSettings**](RenewalSettings.md) |  | [optional] 
**resource_ui_url** | **str** | URL to customer&#39;s Subscriptions page in the Admin console. The read-only URL is generated by the API service. This is used if your client application requires the customer to complete a task using the Subscriptions page in the Admin console. | [optional] 
**seats** | [**Seats**](Seats.md) |  | [optional] 
**sku_id** | **str** | A required property. The &#x60;skuId&#x60; is a unique system identifier for a product&#39;s SKU assigned to a customer in the subscription. For products and SKUs available in this version of the API, see Product and SKU IDs. | [optional] 
**sku_name** | **str** | Read-only external display name for a product&#39;s SKU assigned to a customer in the subscription. SKU names are subject to change at Google&#39;s discretion. For products and SKUs available in this version of the API, see Product and SKU IDs. | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | This is an optional property. | [optional] 
**subscription_id** | **str** | The &#x60;subscriptionId&#x60; is the subscription identifier and is unique for each customer. This is a required property. Since a &#x60;subscriptionId&#x60; changes when a subscription is updated, we recommend not using this ID as a key for persistent data. Use the &#x60;subscriptionId&#x60; as described in retrieve all reseller subscriptions. | [optional] 
**suspension_reasons** | **List[str]** | Read-only field containing an enumerable of all the current suspension reasons for a subscription. It is possible for a subscription to have many concurrent, overlapping suspension reasons. A subscription&#39;s &#x60;STATUS&#x60; is &#x60;SUSPENDED&#x60; until all pending suspensions are removed. Possible options include: - &#x60;PENDING_TOS_ACCEPTANCE&#x60; - The customer has not logged in and accepted the G Suite Resold Terms of Services. - &#x60;RENEWAL_WITH_TYPE_CANCEL&#x60; - The customer&#39;s commitment ended and their service was cancelled at the end of their term. - &#x60;RESELLER_INITIATED&#x60; - A manual suspension invoked by a Reseller. - &#x60;TRIAL_ENDED&#x60; - The customer&#39;s trial expired without a plan selected. - &#x60;OTHER&#x60; - The customer is suspended for an internal Google reason (e.g. abuse or otherwise).  | [optional] 
**transfer_info** | [**SubscriptionTransferInfo**](SubscriptionTransferInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**trial_settings** | [**SubscriptionTrialSettings**](SubscriptionTrialSettings.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.subscription import Subscription

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Subscription from a JSON string
subscription_instance = Subscription.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Subscription.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
subscription_dict = subscription_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Subscription from a dict
subscription_from_dict = Subscription.from_dict(subscription_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


