# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
go get openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```go
package main

import (
    "openapi"
    "openapi/pkg/models/shared"
    "openapi/pkg/models/operations"
)

func main() {
    opts := []sdk.SDKOption{
        sdk.WithSecurity(
            shared.Security{
                Hmac: shared.SchemeHmac{
                    APIKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
                },
            }
        ),
    }

    s := sdk.New(opts...)
    
    req := operations.DeleteSessionRequest{
        PathParams: operations.DeleteSessionPathParams{
            BotAliasID: "eos",
            BotID: "error",
            LocaleID: "illo",
            SessionID: "veniam",
        },
        Headers: operations.DeleteSessionHeaders{
            XAmzAlgorithm: "rerum",
            XAmzContentSha256: "fugit",
            XAmzCredential: "impedit",
            XAmzDate: "aut",
            XAmzSecurityToken: "modi",
            XAmzSignature: "ex",
            XAmzSignedHeaders: "voluptatibus",
        },
    }
    
    res, err := s.Sdk.DeleteSession(ctx, req)
    if err != nil {
        log.Fatal(err)
    }

    if res.DeleteSessionResponse != nil {
        // handle response
    }
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `DeleteSession` - <p>Removes session information for a specified bot, alias, and user ID. </p> <p>You can use this operation to restart a conversation with a bot. When you remove a session, the entire history of the session is removed so that you can start again.</p> <p>You don't need to delete a session. Sessions have a time limit and will expire. Set the session time limit when you create the bot. The default is 5 minutes, but you can specify anything between 1 minute and 24 hours.</p> <p>If you specify a bot or alias ID that doesn't exist, you receive a <code>BadRequestException.</code> </p> <p>If the locale doesn't exist in the bot, or if the locale hasn't been enables for the alias, you receive a <code>BadRequestException</code>.</p>
* `GetSession` - <p>Returns session information for a specified bot, alias, and user.</p> <p>For example, you can use this operation to retrieve session information for a user that has left a long-running session in use.</p> <p>If the bot, alias, or session identifier doesn't exist, Amazon Lex V2 returns a <code>BadRequestException</code>. If the locale doesn't exist or is not enabled for the alias, you receive a <code>BadRequestException</code>.</p>
* `PutSession` - Creates a new session or modifies an existing session with an Amazon Lex V2 bot. Use this operation to enable your application to set the state of the bot.
* `RecognizeText` - <p>Sends user input to Amazon Lex V2. Client applications use this API to send requests to Amazon Lex V2 at runtime. Amazon Lex V2 then interprets the user input using the machine learning model that it build for the bot.</p> <p>In response, Amazon Lex V2 returns the next message to convey to the user and an optional response card to display.</p>
* `RecognizeUtterance` - <p>Sends user input to Amazon Lex V2. You can send text or speech. Clients use this API to send text and audio requests to Amazon Lex V2 at runtime. Amazon Lex V2 interprets the user input using the machine learning model built for the bot.</p> <p>The following request fields must be compressed with gzip and then base64 encoded before you send them to Amazon Lex V2. </p> <ul> <li> <p>requestAttributes</p> </li> <li> <p>sessionState</p> </li> </ul> <p>The following response fields are compressed using gzip and then base64 encoded by Amazon Lex V2. Before you can use these fields, you must decode and decompress them. </p> <ul> <li> <p>inputTranscript</p> </li> <li> <p>interpretations</p> </li> <li> <p>messages</p> </li> <li> <p>requestAttributes</p> </li> <li> <p>sessionState</p> </li> </ul> <p>The example contains a Java application that compresses and encodes a Java object to send to Amazon Lex V2, and a second that decodes and decompresses a response from Amazon Lex V2.</p>

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
