# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreateRequest, FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreateResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";


const sdk = new SDK();
    
const req: FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreateRequest = {
  security: {
    option1: {
      oauth2: {
        authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
      }
      oauth2c: {
        authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
      }
    },
  },
  pathParams: {
    parent: "ipsam",
  },
  queryParams: {
    dollarXgafv: "1",
    accessToken: "et",
    alt: "json",
    callback: "est",
    fields: "dolor",
    key: "placeat",
    oauthToken: "a",
    prettyPrint: true,
    quotaUser: "aut",
    siteId: "facere",
    uploadType: "ut",
    uploadProtocol: "doloremque",
  },
  request: {
    appId: "perferendis",
    labels: {
      "dolor": "reiciendis",
    },
  },
};

sdk.projects.firebasehostingProjectsSitesCreate(req).then((res: FirebasehostingProjectsSitesCreateResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### projects

* `firebasehostingProjectsSitesCreate` - Creates a new Hosting Site in the specified parent Firebase project. Note that Hosting sites can take several minutes to propagate through Firebase systems.
* `firebasehostingProjectsSitesList` - Lists each Hosting Site associated with the specified parent Firebase project.

### sites

* `firebasehostingSitesChannelsCreate` - Creates a new channel in the specified site.
* `firebasehostingSitesChannelsList` - Lists the channels for the specified site. All sites have a default `live` channel.
* `firebasehostingSitesDomainsCreate` - Creates a domain mapping on the specified site.
* `firebasehostingSitesDomainsGet` - Gets a domain mapping on the specified site.
* `firebasehostingSitesDomainsList` - Lists the domains for the specified site.
* `firebasehostingSitesDomainsUpdate` - Updates the specified domain mapping, creating the mapping as if it does not exist.
* `firebasehostingSitesReleasesCreate` - Creates a new release, which makes the content of the specified version actively display on the appropriate URL(s).
* `firebasehostingSitesReleasesList` - Lists the releases that have been created for the specified site or channel. When used to list releases for a site, this list includes releases for both the default `live` channel and any active preview channels for the specified site.
* `firebasehostingSitesVersionsClone` - Creates a new version on the specified target site using the content of the specified version.
* `firebasehostingSitesVersionsCreate` - Creates a new version for the specified site.
* `firebasehostingSitesVersionsDelete` - Deletes the specified version.
* `firebasehostingSitesVersionsFilesList` - Lists the remaining files to be uploaded for the specified version.
* `firebasehostingSitesVersionsList` - Lists the versions that have been created for the specified site. This list includes versions for both the default `live` channel and any active preview channels for the specified site.
* `firebasehostingSitesVersionsPatch` -  Updates the specified metadata for the specified version. This method will fail with `FAILED_PRECONDITION` in the event of an invalid state transition. The supported [state](../sites.versions#versionstatus) transitions for a version are from `CREATED` to `FINALIZED`. Use [`DeleteVersion`](delete) to set the status of a version to `DELETED`.
* `firebasehostingSitesVersionsPopulateFiles` -  Adds content files to the specified version. Each file must be under 2 GB.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
