# ItemPriceMarkdown

This type defines the fields used to describe an item price markdown promotion.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**apply_free_shipping** | **bool** | If set to &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;, free shipping is applied to the first shipping service specified for the item. The first domestic shipping option is set to \&quot;free shipping,\&quot; regardless if the shipping &lt;b&gt;optionType&lt;/b&gt; for that service is set to &lt;code&gt;FLAT_RATE&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;CALCULATED&lt;/code&gt;, or &lt;code&gt;NOT_SPECIFIED&lt;/code&gt; (freight). This flag essentially adds free shipping as a promotional bonus. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Default:&lt;/b&gt; &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt; | [optional] 
**auto_select_future_inventory** | **bool** | If set to &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;, eBay will automatically add inventory items to the markdown promotion if they meet the &lt;b&gt;selectedInventoryDiscounts&lt;/b&gt; criteria specified for the markdown promotion.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Default:&lt;/b&gt; &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt; | [optional] 
**block_price_increase_in_item_revision** | **bool** | If set to &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;, price increases (including removing the free shipping flag) are blocked and an error message is returned if a seller attempts to adjust the price of an item that&#39;s partaking in this markdown promotion. If set to &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt;, an item is dropped from the markdown promotion if the seller adjusts the price.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Default:&lt;/b&gt; &lt;code&gt;false&lt;/code&gt; | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | This field is required if you are configuring an MARKDOWN_SALE promotion. &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;This is the seller-defined \&quot;tag line\&quot; for the offer, such as \&quot;Save on designer shoes.\&quot; A tag line appears under the \&quot;offer-type text\&quot; that is generated for the promotion. The text is displayed on the offer tile that is shown on the seller&#39;s &lt;b&gt;All Offers&lt;/b&gt; page and on the event page for the promotion.  &lt;p class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note:&lt;/b&gt; Offer-type text is a teaser that&#39;s presented throughout the buyer&#39;s journey through the sales flow and is generated by eBay. This text is not editable by the seller&amp;mdash;it&#39;s derived from the settings in the &lt;b&gt;discountRules&lt;/b&gt; and &lt;b&gt;discountSpecification&lt;/b&gt; fields&amp;mdash;and can be, for example, \&quot;20% off\&quot;.&lt;/p&gt;  &lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length:&lt;/b&gt; 50 | [optional] 
**end_date** | **str** | The date and time the promotion ends, in UTC format (&lt;code&gt;yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ&lt;/code&gt;). The value supplied for &lt;b&gt;endDate&lt;/b&gt; must be at least 24 hours after the value supplied for the &lt;b&gt;startDate&lt;/b&gt; of the markdown promotion.&lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Max value:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;14&lt;/code&gt; days for the AT, CH, DE, ES, FR, IE, IT, and UK, marketplaces.&lt;/li&gt;  &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;45&lt;/code&gt; days for all other marketplaces.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; | [optional] 
**marketplace_id** | **str** | The eBay marketplace ID of the site where the markdown promotion is hosted. Markdown promotions are supported on all eBay marketplaces. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/ba:MarketplaceIdEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The seller-defined name or &#39;title&#39; of the promotion that the seller can use to identify a promotion. This label is not displayed in end-user flows.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length:&lt;/b&gt; 90 | [optional] 
**priority** | **str** | This field is ignored in markdown promotions. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionPriorityEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**promotion_image_url** | **str** | Required for CODED_COUPON, MARKDOWN_SALE, and ORDER_DISCOUNT promotions, populate this field with a URL that points to an image to be used with the promotion. This image is displayed on the seller&#39;s &lt;b&gt;All Offers&lt;/b&gt; page. The URL must point to either JPEG or PNG image and it must be a minimum of 500x500 pixels in dimension and cannot exceed 12Mb in size. | [optional] 
**promotion_status** | **str** | The current status of the promotion. When creating a new promotion, you must set this value to either &lt;code&gt;DRAFT&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;SCHEDULED&lt;/code&gt;.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Note that you must set this value to &lt;code&gt;SCHEDULED&lt;/code&gt; when you update a &lt;b&gt;RUNNING&lt;/b&gt; promotion. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionStatusEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**selected_inventory_discounts** | [**List[SelectedInventoryDiscount]**](SelectedInventoryDiscount.md) | A list that defines the sets of selected items for the markdown promotion and the discount specified for promotion. | [optional] 
**start_date** | **str** | The date and time the promotion starts in UTC format (&lt;code&gt;yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ&lt;/code&gt;). For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.item_price_markdown import ItemPriceMarkdown

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ItemPriceMarkdown from a JSON string
item_price_markdown_instance = ItemPriceMarkdown.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ItemPriceMarkdown.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
item_price_markdown_dict = item_price_markdown_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ItemPriceMarkdown from a dict
item_price_markdown_from_dict = ItemPriceMarkdown.from_dict(item_price_markdown_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


