# ItemPromotion

This type defines the fields that describe a threshold promotion and includes the promotional discount, the items included in the promotion, and the rules that specify when the promotion is applied.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**apply_discount_to_single_item_only** | **bool** | This flag is relevant in only when &lt;b&gt;promotionType&lt;/b&gt; is set to &lt;code&gt;VOLUME_DISCOUNT&lt;/code&gt;. For details on volume pricing promotions, see &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/api-docs/sell/static/marketing/pm-volume-discounts.html\&quot;&gt;Configuring volume pricing discounts&lt;/a&gt;.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;If set to &lt;code&gt;true&lt;/code&gt;, the discount is applied only when the buyer purchases multiple quantities of a single item in the promotion. Otherwise, the promotional discount applies to multiple quantities of any items in the promotion. Different variations of a multi-variation item are considered to be the same item. Note that this flag is not relevant if the &lt;b&gt;inventoryCriterion&lt;/b&gt; container identifies a single listing ID for the promotion. | [optional] 
**budget** | [**Amount**](Amount.md) |  | [optional] 
**coupon_configuration** | [**CouponConfiguration**](CouponConfiguration.md) |  | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | This is the seller-defined \&quot;tag line\&quot; for the offer, such as \&quot;Save on designer shoes.\&quot;  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;The tag line appears under the \&quot;offer-type text\&quot; that is generated for the promotion and is displayed on the offer tile that&#39;s shown on the seller&#39;s &lt;b&gt;All Offers&lt;/b&gt; page, and on the event page for the promotion.  &lt;p class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note:&lt;/b&gt; Offer-type text is a teaser that&#39;s presented throughout the buyer&#39;s journey through the sales flow and is generated by eBay. The offer-type text is not editable by the seller&amp;mdash;it&#39;s derived from the settings in the &lt;b&gt;discountRules&lt;/b&gt; and &lt;b&gt;discountSpecification&lt;/b&gt; fields&amp;mdash;and can be, for example, \&quot;Extra 20% off when you buy 3+\&quot;.&lt;/p&gt;  &lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length:&lt;/b&gt; 50 &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;i&gt;Required if&lt;/i&gt; you are configuring CODED_COUPON, ORDER_DISCOUNT, or MARKDOWN_SALE promotions (and not valid for VOLUME_DISCOUNT promotions). | [optional] 
**discount_rules** | [**List[DiscountRule]**](DiscountRule.md) | This container defines a promotion using the following two required fields: &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;discountBenefit&lt;/b&gt; &amp;ndash; Defines a discount as either a monetary amount or a percentage that is subtracted from the sales price of an item, a set of items, or an order.&lt;/li&gt;  &lt;li&gt;&lt;b&gt;discountSpecification&lt;/b&gt; &amp;ndash; Defines a set of rules that determine when the promotion is applied.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note:&lt;/b&gt; For volume pricing, you must specify at least two and not more than four &lt;b&gt;discountBenefit&lt;/b&gt;/&lt;b&gt;discountSpecification&lt;/b&gt; pairs. In addition, you must define each set of rules with a &lt;b&gt;ruleOrder&lt;/b&gt; value that corresponds with the order of volume discounts you present.&lt;/p&gt;  &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Tip:&lt;/b&gt; Refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/api-docs/sell/static/marketing/pm-specifying-discounts.html\&quot;&gt;Specifying item promotion discounts&lt;/a&gt; for information and examples on how to combine &lt;b&gt;discountBenefit&lt;/b&gt; and &lt;b&gt;discountSpecification&lt;/b&gt; to create different types of promotions.&lt;/p&gt; | [optional] 
**end_date** | **str** | The date and time the promotion ends in UTC format (&lt;code&gt;yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ&lt;/code&gt;). For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. | [optional] 
**inventory_criterion** | [**InventoryCriterion**](InventoryCriterion.md) |  | [optional] 
**marketplace_id** | **str** | The eBay marketplace ID of the site where the threshold promotion is hosted. Threshold promotions are currently supported on a limited number of eBay marketplaces.  &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Valid values:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_AU&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Australia&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_DE&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Germany&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_ES&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Spain&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_FR&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; France&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_GB&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Great Britain&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_IT&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Italy&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_US&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; United States&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/ba:MarketplaceIdEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The seller-defined name or \&quot;title\&quot; of the promotion that the seller can use to identify a promotion. This label is not displayed in end-user flows.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length:&lt;/b&gt; 90 | [optional] 
**priority** | **str** | Applicable for only &lt;b&gt;ORDER_DISCOUNT&lt;/b&gt; promotions, this field indicates the precedence of the promotion, which is used to determine the position of a promotion on the seller&#39;s &lt;b&gt;All Offers&lt;/b&gt; page. If an item is associated with multiple promotions, the promotion with the higher priority takes precedence. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionPriorityEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**promotion_image_url** | **str** | Required for CODED_COUPON, MARKDOWN_SALE, and ORDER_DISCOUNT promotions, and not valid for VOLUME_DISCOUNT promotions.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Populate this field with a URL that points to an image to be used with the promotion. This image is displayed on the seller&#39;s &lt;b&gt;All Offers&lt;/b&gt; page. The URL must point to either JPEG or PNG image and it must be a minimum of 500x500 pixels in dimension and cannot exceed 12Mb in size. | [optional] 
**promotion_status** | **str** | The current status of the promotion. When creating a new promotion, this value must be set to either &lt;code&gt;DRAFT&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;SCHEDULED&lt;/code&gt;.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;Note that you must set this value to &lt;code&gt;SCHEDULED&lt;/code&gt; when you update a &lt;b&gt;RUNNING&lt;/b&gt; promotion. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionStatusEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**promotion_type** | **str** | Use this field to specify the type of the promotion you are creating. &lt;p&gt;The supported types are:&lt;/p&gt; &lt;ul&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;CODED_COUPON&lt;/code&gt; &amp;ndash; A coupon code promotion set with &lt;b&gt;createItemPromotion&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;MARKDOWN_SALE&lt;/code&gt; &amp;ndash; A markdown promotion set with &lt;b&gt;createItemPriceMarkdownPromotion&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;ORDER_DISCOUNT&lt;/code&gt; &amp;ndash; A threshold promotion set with &lt;b&gt;createItemPromotion&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;VOLUME_DISCOUNT&lt;/code&gt; &amp;ndash; A volume pricing promotion set with &lt;b&gt;createItemPromotion&lt;/b&gt;.&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; &lt;p&gt;See the &lt;a href&#x3D;\&quot;/api-docs/sell/static/marketing/promotions-manager.html\&quot; target&#x3D;\&quot;_blank\&quot;&gt;Promotions Manager&lt;/a&gt; documentation for details.&lt;/p&gt; &lt;p&gt;&lt;i&gt;Required if &lt;/i&gt; you are creating a volume pricing promotion (&lt;code&gt;VOLUME_DISCOUNT&lt;/code&gt;).&lt;/p&gt; For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionTypeEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**start_date** | **str** | The date and time the promotion starts in UTC format (&lt;code&gt;yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ&lt;/code&gt;). For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.item_promotion import ItemPromotion

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ItemPromotion from a JSON string
item_promotion_instance = ItemPromotion.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ItemPromotion.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
item_promotion_dict = item_promotion_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ItemPromotion from a dict
item_promotion_from_dict = ItemPromotion.from_dict(item_promotion_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


