# PromotionDetail

This type defines the fields that describe a promotion. This includes all the information about a promotion except for the listings that are a part of the promotion.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**coupon_code** | **str** | A unique code that buyers can use during checkout to receive a discount. The code must be unique across eBay. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | This is the seller-defined \&quot;tag line\&quot; for the offer, such as \&quot;Save on designer shoes.\&quot; Tag lines appear under the \&quot;offer-type text\&quot; that is generated for a promotion and displayed under the offer tile that is shown on the seller&#39;s &lt;b&gt;All Offers&lt;/b&gt; page and on the promotion&#39;s event page.  &lt;p class&#x3D;\&quot;tablenote\&quot;&gt;&lt;b&gt;Note:&lt;/b&gt; Offer-type text is a teaser that&#39;s presented throughout the buyer&#39;s journey through the sales flow and is generated by eBay. This text is not editable by the seller&amp;mdash;it&#39;s derived from the settings in the &lt;b&gt;discountRules&lt;/b&gt; and &lt;b&gt;discountSpecification&lt;/b&gt; fields&amp;mdash;and can be, for example, \&quot;Extra 20% off when you buy 3+\&quot;.&lt;/p&gt;  &lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length:&lt;/b&gt; 50 &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;i&gt;Required if&lt;/i&gt; you are configuring ORDER_DISCOUNT or MARKDOWN_SALE promotions (and not valid for VOLUME_DISCOUNT promotions). | [optional] 
**end_date** | **str** | The date and time the promotion ends in UTC format (&lt;code&gt;yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ&lt;/code&gt;). For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. | [optional] 
**marketplace_id** | **str** | The eBay marketplace ID of the site where the promotion is hosted. Threshold promotions are supported on a select set of marketplaces while markdown promotions are supported on all eBay marketplaces. &lt;p&gt;&lt;b&gt;Valid values for threshold promotions are as follows:&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/p&gt;  &lt;ul class&#x3D;\&quot;compact\&quot;&gt;&lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_AU&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Australia&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_DE&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Germany&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_ES&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Spain&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_FR&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; France&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_GB&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Great Britain&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_IT&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; Italy&lt;/li&gt; &lt;li&gt;&lt;code&gt;EBAY_US&lt;/code&gt; &#x3D; United States&lt;/li&gt;&lt;/ul&gt; For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/ba:MarketplaceIdEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The seller-defined name or \&quot;title\&quot; of the promotion, such as \&quot;Buy 1 Get 1\&quot;, that the seller can use to identify a promotion. This label is not displayed in end-user flows.  &lt;br&gt;&lt;br&gt;&lt;b&gt;Maximum length:&lt;/b&gt; 90 | [optional] 
**priority** | **str** | Applicable for only &lt;b&gt;ORDER_DISCOUNT&lt;/b&gt; promotions, this field indicates the precedence of the promotion, which is used to determine the position of a promotion on the seller&#39;s &lt;b&gt;All Offers&lt;/b&gt; page. If an item is associated with multiple promotions, the promotion with the higher priority takes precedence. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionPriorityEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**promotion_href** | **str** | The URI of the promotion details. | [optional] 
**promotion_id** | **str** | A unique eBay-assigned ID for the promotion that&#39;s generated when the promotion is created. | [optional] 
**promotion_image_url** | **str** | Required for CODED_COUPON, MARKDOWN_SALE, and ORDER_DISCOUNT promotions, and not applicable for &lt;b&gt;VOLUME_DISCOUNT&lt;/b&gt; promotions, this field is a URL that points to an image for the promotion. This image is displayed on the seller&#39;s &lt;b&gt;All Offers&lt;/b&gt; page. The URL must point to either JPEG or PNG image and it must be a minimum of 500x500 pixels in dimension and cannot exceed 12Mb in size. | [optional] 
**promotion_status** | **str** | The current status of the promotion. When creating a new promotion, you must set this value to either &lt;code&gt;DRAFT&lt;/code&gt; or &lt;code&gt;SCHEDULED&lt;/code&gt;. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionStatusEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**promotion_type** | **str** | Indicates type of the promotion, either &lt;code&gt;CODED_COUPON&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;MARKDOWN_SALE&lt;/code&gt;, &lt;code&gt;ORDER_DISCOUNT&lt;/code&gt;, or &lt;code&gt;VOLUME_DISCOUNT&lt;/code&gt;. For implementation help, refer to &lt;a href&#x3D;&#39;https://developer.ebay.com/api-docs/sell/marketing/types/sme:PromotionTypeEnum&#39;&gt;eBay API documentation&lt;/a&gt; | [optional] 
**start_date** | **str** | The date and time the promotion starts in UTC format (&lt;code&gt;yyyy-MM-ddThh:mm:ssZ&lt;/code&gt;). For display purposes, convert this time into the local time of the seller. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.promotion_detail import PromotionDetail

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of PromotionDetail from a JSON string
promotion_detail_instance = PromotionDetail.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(PromotionDetail.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
promotion_detail_dict = promotion_detail_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of PromotionDetail from a dict
promotion_detail_from_dict = PromotionDetail.from_dict(promotion_detail_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


