# AuthorizedCertificate

An SSL certificate that a user has been authorized to administer. A user is authorized to administer any certificate that applies to one of their authorized domains.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**certificate_raw_data** | [**CertificateRawData**](CertificateRawData.md) |  | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | The user-specified display name of the certificate. This is not guaranteed to be unique. Example: My Certificate. | [optional] 
**domain_mappings_count** | **int** | Aggregate count of the domain mappings with this certificate mapped. This count includes domain mappings on applications for which the user does not have VIEWER permissions.Only returned by GET or LIST requests when specifically requested by the view&#x3D;FULL_CERTIFICATE option.@OutputOnly | [optional] 
**domain_names** | **List[str]** | Topmost applicable domains of this certificate. This certificate applies to these domains and their subdomains. Example: example.com.@OutputOnly | [optional] 
**expire_time** | **str** | The time when this certificate expires. To update the renewal time on this certificate, upload an SSL certificate with a different expiration time using AuthorizedCertificates.UpdateAuthorizedCertificate.@OutputOnly | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | Relative name of the certificate. This is a unique value autogenerated on AuthorizedCertificate resource creation. Example: 12345.@OutputOnly | [optional] 
**managed_certificate** | [**ManagedCertificate**](ManagedCertificate.md) |  | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Full path to the AuthorizedCertificate resource in the API. Example: apps/myapp/authorizedCertificates/12345.@OutputOnly | [optional] 
**visible_domain_mappings** | **List[str]** | The full paths to user visible Domain Mapping resources that have this certificate mapped. Example: apps/myapp/domainMappings/example.com.This may not represent the full list of mapped domain mappings if the user does not have VIEWER permissions on all of the applications that have this certificate mapped. See domain_mappings_count for a complete count.Only returned by GET or LIST requests when specifically requested by the view&#x3D;FULL_CERTIFICATE option.@OutputOnly | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.authorized_certificate import AuthorizedCertificate

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of AuthorizedCertificate from a JSON string
authorized_certificate_instance = AuthorizedCertificate.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(AuthorizedCertificate.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
authorized_certificate_dict = authorized_certificate_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of AuthorizedCertificate from a dict
authorized_certificate_from_dict = AuthorizedCertificate.from_dict(authorized_certificate_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


