# Recommendation

Represents a recommendation result generated by the recommendation engine

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**action_name** | **str** | Name of action recommended by this object. | [optional] 
**channels** | **str** | List of channels that this recommendation can apply. | 
**creation_time** | **datetime** | Timestamp when this instance was created. | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | UI friendly name of the rule (may not be unique) | [optional] 
**enabled** | **int** | On/off flag indicating the rule is currently enabled or disabled. | [optional] 
**end_time** | **datetime** | The end time of a range that the recommendation refers to. | [optional] 
**level** | **str** | Level indicating how critical this recommendation can impact. | 
**message** | **str** | Localized text of recommendation, good for UI. | [optional] 
**next_notification_time** | **datetime** | When to notify this recommendation next. Null means that this will never be notified anymore. | [optional] 
**notification_expiration_time** | **datetime** | Date and time when this notification expires. | [optional] 
**notified_time** | **datetime** | Last timestamp this instance was actually notified. Null means that this recommendation hasn&#39;t been notified yet. | [optional] 
**recommendation_id** | **str** | A GUID value that each recommendation object is associated with. | [optional] 
**resource_id** | **str** | Full ARM resource ID string that this recommendation object is associated with. | [optional] 
**resource_scope** | **str** | Name of a resource type this recommendation applies, e.g. Subscription, ServerFarm, Site. | [optional] 
**rule_name** | **str** | Unique name of the rule | [optional] 
**score** | **float** | A metric value measured by the rule. | [optional] 
**start_time** | **datetime** | The beginning time of a range that the recommendation refers to. | [optional] 
**tags** | **List[str]** | The list of category tags that this recommendation belongs to. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.recommendation import Recommendation

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Recommendation from a JSON string
recommendation_instance = Recommendation.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Recommendation.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
recommendation_dict = recommendation_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Recommendation from a dict
recommendation_from_dict = Recommendation.from_dict(recommendation_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


