# Company

A Company resource represents a company in the service. A company is the entity that owns job postings, that is, the hiring entity responsible for employing applicants for the job position.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**career_site_uri** | **str** | Optional. The URI to employer&#39;s career site or careers page on the employer&#39;s web site, for example, \&quot;https://careers.google.com\&quot;. | [optional] 
**derived_info** | [**CompanyDerivedInfo**](CompanyDerivedInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | Required. The display name of the company, for example, \&quot;Google LLC\&quot;. | [optional] 
**eeo_text** | **str** | Optional. Equal Employment Opportunity legal disclaimer text to be associated with all jobs, and typically to be displayed in all roles. The maximum number of allowed characters is 500. | [optional] 
**external_id** | **str** | Required. Client side company identifier, used to uniquely identify the company. The maximum number of allowed characters is 255. | [optional] 
**headquarters_address** | **str** | Optional. The street address of the company&#39;s main headquarters, which may be different from the job location. The service attempts to geolocate the provided address, and populates a more specific location wherever possible in DerivedInfo.headquarters_location. | [optional] 
**hiring_agency** | **bool** | Optional. Set to true if it is the hiring agency that post jobs for other employers. Defaults to false if not provided. | [optional] 
**image_uri** | **str** | Optional. A URI that hosts the employer&#39;s company logo. | [optional] 
**keyword_searchable_job_custom_attributes** | **List[str]** | Optional. This field is deprecated. Please set the searchability of the custom attribute in the Job.custom_attributes going forward. A list of keys of filterable Job.custom_attributes, whose corresponding &#x60;string_values&#x60; are used in keyword search. Jobs with &#x60;string_values&#x60; under these specified field keys are returned if any of the values matches the search keyword. Custom field values with parenthesis, brackets and special symbols won&#39;t be properly searchable, and those keyword queries need to be surrounded by quotes. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Required during company update. The resource name for a company. This is generated by the service when a company is created. The format is \&quot;projects/{project_id}/companies/{company_id}\&quot;, for example, \&quot;projects/api-test-project/companies/foo\&quot;. | [optional] 
**size** | **str** | Optional. The employer&#39;s company size. | [optional] 
**suspended** | **bool** | Output only. Indicates whether a company is flagged to be suspended from public availability by the service when job content appears suspicious, abusive, or spammy. | [optional] 
**website_uri** | **str** | Optional. The URI representing the company&#39;s primary web site or home page, for example, \&quot;https://www.google.com\&quot;. The maximum number of allowed characters is 255. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.company import Company

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Company from a JSON string
company_instance = Company.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Company.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
company_dict = company_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Company from a dict
company_from_dict = Company.from_dict(company_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


