# GoogleCloudAiplatformV1DataLabelingJob

DataLabelingJob is used to trigger a human labeling job on unlabeled data from the following Dataset:

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**active_learning_config** | [**GoogleCloudAiplatformV1ActiveLearningConfig**](GoogleCloudAiplatformV1ActiveLearningConfig.md) |  | [optional] 
**annotation_labels** | **Dict[str, str]** | Labels to assign to annotations generated by this DataLabelingJob. Label keys and values can be no longer than 64 characters (Unicode codepoints), can only contain lowercase letters, numeric characters, underscores and dashes. International characters are allowed. See https://goo.gl/xmQnxf for more information and examples of labels. System reserved label keys are prefixed with \&quot;aiplatform.googleapis.com/\&quot; and are immutable. | [optional] 
**create_time** | **str** | Output only. Timestamp when this DataLabelingJob was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**current_spend** | [**GoogleTypeMoney**](GoogleTypeMoney.md) |  | [optional] 
**datasets** | **List[str]** | Required. Dataset resource names. Right now we only support labeling from a single Dataset. Format: &#x60;projects/{project}/locations/{location}/datasets/{dataset}&#x60; | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | Required. The user-defined name of the DataLabelingJob. The name can be up to 128 characters long and can consist of any UTF-8 characters. Display name of a DataLabelingJob. | [optional] 
**encryption_spec** | [**GoogleCloudAiplatformV1EncryptionSpec**](GoogleCloudAiplatformV1EncryptionSpec.md) |  | [optional] 
**error** | [**GoogleRpcStatus**](GoogleRpcStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**inputs** | **object** | Required. Input config parameters for the DataLabelingJob. | [optional] 
**inputs_schema_uri** | **str** | Required. Points to a YAML file stored on Google Cloud Storage describing the config for a specific type of DataLabelingJob. The schema files that can be used here are found in the https://storage.googleapis.com/google-cloud-aiplatform bucket in the /schema/datalabelingjob/inputs/ folder. | [optional] 
**instruction_uri** | **str** | Required. The Google Cloud Storage location of the instruction pdf. This pdf is shared with labelers, and provides detailed description on how to label DataItems in Datasets. | [optional] 
**labeler_count** | **int** | Required. Number of labelers to work on each DataItem. | [optional] 
**labeling_progress** | **int** | Output only. Current labeling job progress percentage scaled in interval [0, 100], indicating the percentage of DataItems that has been finished. | [optional] [readonly] 
**labels** | **Dict[str, str]** | The labels with user-defined metadata to organize your DataLabelingJobs. Label keys and values can be no longer than 64 characters (Unicode codepoints), can only contain lowercase letters, numeric characters, underscores and dashes. International characters are allowed. See https://goo.gl/xmQnxf for more information and examples of labels. System reserved label keys are prefixed with \&quot;aiplatform.googleapis.com/\&quot; and are immutable. Following system labels exist for each DataLabelingJob: * \&quot;aiplatform.googleapis.com/schema\&quot;: output only, its value is the inputs_schema&#39;s title. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Output only. Resource name of the DataLabelingJob. | [optional] [readonly] 
**specialist_pools** | **List[str]** | The SpecialistPools&#39; resource names associated with this job. | [optional] 
**state** | **str** | Output only. The detailed state of the job. | [optional] [readonly] 
**update_time** | **str** | Output only. Timestamp when this DataLabelingJob was updated most recently. | [optional] [readonly] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.google_cloud_aiplatform_v1_data_labeling_job import GoogleCloudAiplatformV1DataLabelingJob

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of GoogleCloudAiplatformV1DataLabelingJob from a JSON string
google_cloud_aiplatform_v1_data_labeling_job_instance = GoogleCloudAiplatformV1DataLabelingJob.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(GoogleCloudAiplatformV1DataLabelingJob.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
google_cloud_aiplatform_v1_data_labeling_job_dict = google_cloud_aiplatform_v1_data_labeling_job_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of GoogleCloudAiplatformV1DataLabelingJob from a dict
google_cloud_aiplatform_v1_data_labeling_job_from_dict = GoogleCloudAiplatformV1DataLabelingJob.from_dict(google_cloud_aiplatform_v1_data_labeling_job_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


