# GoogleCloudMlV1ContainerSpec

Specification of a custom container for serving predictions. This message is a subset of the [Kubernetes Container v1 core specification](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.18/#container-v1-core).

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**args** | **List[str]** | Immutable. Specifies arguments for the command that runs when the container starts. This overrides the container&#39;s [&#x60;CMD&#x60;](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#cmd). Specify this field as an array of executable and arguments, similar to a Docker &#x60;CMD&#x60;&#39;s \&quot;default parameters\&quot; form. If you don&#39;t specify this field but do specify the command field, then the command from the &#x60;command&#x60; field runs without any additional arguments. See the [Kubernetes documentation about how the &#x60;command&#x60; and &#x60;args&#x60; fields interact with a container&#39;s &#x60;ENTRYPOINT&#x60; and &#x60;CMD&#x60;](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-command-argument-container/#notes). If you don&#39;t specify this field and don&#39;t specify the &#x60;commmand&#x60; field, then the container&#39;s [&#x60;ENTRYPOINT&#x60;](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#cmd) and &#x60;CMD&#x60; determine what runs based on their default behavior. See the [Docker documentation about how &#x60;CMD&#x60; and &#x60;ENTRYPOINT&#x60; interact](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#understand-how-cmd-and-entrypoint-interact). In this field, you can reference [environment variables set by AI Platform Prediction](/ai-platform/prediction/docs/custom-container-requirements#aip-variables) and environment variables set in the env field. You cannot reference environment variables set in the Docker image. In order for environment variables to be expanded, reference them by using the following syntax: $( VARIABLE_NAME) Note that this differs from Bash variable expansion, which does not use parentheses. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string is used unchanged. To avoid variable expansion, you can escape this syntax with &#x60;$$&#x60;; for example: $$(VARIABLE_NAME) This field corresponds to the &#x60;args&#x60; field of the [Kubernetes Containers v1 core API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.18/#container-v1-core). | [optional] 
**command** | **List[str]** | Immutable. Specifies the command that runs when the container starts. This overrides the container&#39;s [&#x60;ENTRYPOINT&#x60;](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#entrypoint). Specify this field as an array of executable and arguments, similar to a Docker &#x60;ENTRYPOINT&#x60;&#39;s \&quot;exec\&quot; form, not its \&quot;shell\&quot; form. If you do not specify this field, then the container&#39;s &#x60;ENTRYPOINT&#x60; runs, in conjunction with the args field or the container&#39;s [&#x60;CMD&#x60;](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#cmd), if either exists. If this field is not specified and the container does not have an &#x60;ENTRYPOINT&#x60;, then refer to the [Docker documentation about how &#x60;CMD&#x60; and &#x60;ENTRYPOINT&#x60; interact](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#understand-how-cmd-and-entrypoint-interact). If you specify this field, then you can also specify the &#x60;args&#x60; field to provide additional arguments for this command. However, if you specify this field, then the container&#39;s &#x60;CMD&#x60; is ignored. See the [Kubernetes documentation about how the &#x60;command&#x60; and &#x60;args&#x60; fields interact with a container&#39;s &#x60;ENTRYPOINT&#x60; and &#x60;CMD&#x60;](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/inject-data-application/define-command-argument-container/#notes). In this field, you can reference [environment variables set by AI Platform Prediction](/ai-platform/prediction/docs/custom-container-requirements#aip-variables) and environment variables set in the env field. You cannot reference environment variables set in the Docker image. In order for environment variables to be expanded, reference them by using the following syntax: $( VARIABLE_NAME) Note that this differs from Bash variable expansion, which does not use parentheses. If a variable cannot be resolved, the reference in the input string is used unchanged. To avoid variable expansion, you can escape this syntax with &#x60;$$&#x60;; for example: $$(VARIABLE_NAME) This field corresponds to the &#x60;command&#x60; field of the [Kubernetes Containers v1 core API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.18/#container-v1-core). | [optional] 
**env** | [**List[GoogleCloudMlV1EnvVar]**](GoogleCloudMlV1EnvVar.md) | Immutable. List of environment variables to set in the container. After the container starts running, code running in the container can read these environment variables. Additionally, the command and args fields can reference these variables. Later entries in this list can also reference earlier entries. For example, the following example sets the variable &#x60;VAR_2&#x60; to have the value &#x60;foo bar&#x60;: &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;json [ { \&quot;name\&quot;: \&quot;VAR_1\&quot;, \&quot;value\&quot;: \&quot;foo\&quot; }, { \&quot;name\&quot;: \&quot;VAR_2\&quot;, \&quot;value\&quot;: \&quot;$(VAR_1) bar\&quot; } ] &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; If you switch the order of the variables in the example, then the expansion does not occur. This field corresponds to the &#x60;env&#x60; field of the [Kubernetes Containers v1 core API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.18/#container-v1-core). | [optional] 
**image** | **str** | URI of the Docker image to be used as the custom container for serving predictions. This URI must identify [an image in Artifact Registry](/artifact-registry/docs/overview) and begin with the hostname &#x60;{REGION}-docker.pkg.dev&#x60;, where &#x60;{REGION}&#x60; is replaced by the region that matches AI Platform Prediction [regional endpoint](/ai-platform/prediction/docs/regional-endpoints) that you are using. For example, if you are using the &#x60;us-central1-ml.googleapis.com&#x60; endpoint, then this URI must begin with &#x60;us-central1-docker.pkg.dev&#x60;. To use a custom container, the [AI Platform Google-managed service account](/ai-platform/prediction/docs/custom-service-account#default) must have permission to pull (read) the Docker image at this URI. The AI Platform Google-managed service account has the following format: &#x60;service-{PROJECT_NUMBER}@cloud-ml.google.com.iam.gserviceaccount.com&#x60; {PROJECT_NUMBER} is replaced by your Google Cloud project number. By default, this service account has necessary permissions to pull an Artifact Registry image in the same Google Cloud project where you are using AI Platform Prediction. In this case, no configuration is necessary. If you want to use an image from a different Google Cloud project, learn how to [grant the Artifact Registry Reader (roles/artifactregistry.reader) role for a repository](/artifact-registry/docs/access-control#grant-repo) to your projet&#39;s AI Platform Google-managed service account. To learn about the requirements for the Docker image itself, read [Custom container requirements](/ai-platform/prediction/docs/custom-container-requirements). | [optional] 
**ports** | [**List[GoogleCloudMlV1ContainerPort]**](GoogleCloudMlV1ContainerPort.md) | Immutable. List of ports to expose from the container. AI Platform Prediction sends any prediction requests that it receives to the first port on this list. AI Platform Prediction also sends [liveness and health checks](/ai-platform/prediction/docs/custom-container-requirements#health) to this port. If you do not specify this field, it defaults to following value: &#x60;&#x60;&#x60;json [ { \&quot;containerPort\&quot;: 8080 } ] &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; AI Platform Prediction does not use ports other than the first one listed. This field corresponds to the &#x60;ports&#x60; field of the [Kubernetes Containers v1 core API](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/generated/kubernetes-api/v1.18/#container-v1-core). | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.google_cloud_ml_v1_container_spec import GoogleCloudMlV1ContainerSpec

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of GoogleCloudMlV1ContainerSpec from a JSON string
google_cloud_ml_v1_container_spec_instance = GoogleCloudMlV1ContainerSpec.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(GoogleCloudMlV1ContainerSpec.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
google_cloud_ml_v1_container_spec_dict = google_cloud_ml_v1_container_spec_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of GoogleCloudMlV1ContainerSpec from a dict
google_cloud_ml_v1_container_spec_from_dict = GoogleCloudMlV1ContainerSpec.from_dict(google_cloud_ml_v1_container_spec_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


