# JobPreparationTaskExecutionInformation


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**container_info** | [**TaskContainerExecutionInformation**](TaskContainerExecutionInformation.md) |  | [optional] 
**end_time** | **datetime** | This property is set only if the task is in the Completed state. | [optional] 
**exit_code** | **int** | This parameter is returned only if the task is in the completed state. The exit code for a process reflects the specific convention implemented by the application developer for that process. If you use the exit code value to make decisions in your code, be sure that you know the exit code convention used by the application process. Note that the exit code may also be generated by the compute node operating system, such as when a process is forcibly terminated. | [optional] 
**failure_info** | [**TaskFailureInformation**](TaskFailureInformation.md) |  | [optional] 
**last_retry_time** | **datetime** | This property is set only if the task was retried (i.e. retryCount is nonzero). If present, this is typically the same as startTime, but may be different if the task has been restarted for reasons other than retry; for example, if the compute node was rebooted during a retry, then the startTime is updated but the lastRetryTime is not. | [optional] 
**result** | [**TaskExecutionResult**](TaskExecutionResult.md) |  | [optional] 
**retry_count** | **int** | Task application failures (non-zero exit code) are retried, pre-processing errors (the task could not be run) and file upload errors are not retried. The Batch service will retry the task up to the limit specified by the constraints. | 
**start_time** | **datetime** | If the task has been restarted or retried, this is the most recent time at which the task started running. | 
**state** | **str** |  | 
**task_root_directory** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**task_root_directory_url** | **str** |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.job_preparation_task_execution_information import JobPreparationTaskExecutionInformation

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of JobPreparationTaskExecutionInformation from a JSON string
job_preparation_task_execution_information_instance = JobPreparationTaskExecutionInformation.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(JobPreparationTaskExecutionInformation.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
job_preparation_task_execution_information_dict = job_preparation_task_execution_information_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of JobPreparationTaskExecutionInformation from a dict
job_preparation_task_execution_information_from_dict = JobPreparationTaskExecutionInformation.from_dict(job_preparation_task_execution_information_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


