# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { CreatorRolesListRequest, CreatorRolesListResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";


const sdk = new SDK();
    
const req: CreatorRolesListRequest = {
  queryParams: {
    page: 7348434050736803316,
    pageSize: 8602515491234131430,
  },
};

sdk.sdk.creatorRolesList(req).then((res: CreatorRolesListResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `creatorRolesList` - Get a list of creator positions (jobs).
* `creatorsList` - Get a list of game creators.
* `creatorsRead` - Get details of the creator.
* `developersList` - Get a list of game developers.
* `developersRead` - Get details of the developer.
* `gamesAchievementsRead` - Get a list of game achievements.
* `gamesAdditionsList` - Get a list of DLC's for the game, GOTY and other editions, companion apps, etc.
* `gamesDevelopmentTeamList` - Get a list of individual creators that were part of the development team.
* `gamesGameSeriesList` - Get a list of games that are part of the same series.
* `gamesList` - Get a list of games.
* `gamesMoviesRead` - Get a list of game trailers.
* `gamesParentGamesList` - Get a list of parent games for DLC's and editions.
* `gamesRead` - Get details of the game.
* `gamesRedditRead` - Get a list of most recent posts from the game's subreddit.
* `gamesScreenshotsList` - Get screenshots for the game.
* `gamesStoresList` - Get links to the stores that sell the game.
* `gamesSuggestedRead` - Get a list of visually similar games, available only for business and enterprise API users.
* `gamesTwitchRead` - Get streams on Twitch associated with the game, available only for business and enterprise API users.
* `gamesYoutubeRead` - Get videos from YouTube associated with the game, available only for business and enterprise API users.
* `genresList` - Get a list of video game genres.
* `genresRead` - Get details of the genre.
* `platformsList` - Get a list of video game platforms.
* `platformsListsParentsList` - Get a list of parent platforms.
* `platformsRead` - Get details of the platform.
* `publishersList` - Get a list of video game publishers.
* `publishersRead` - Get details of the publisher.
* `storesList` - Get a list of video game storefronts.
* `storesRead` - Get details of the store.
* `tagsList` - Get a list of tags.
* `tagsRead` - Get details of the tag.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
