# JsonSchema


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**ref** | **str** | A reference to another schema. The value of this property is the \&quot;id\&quot; of another schema. | [optional] 
**additional_properties** | [**JsonSchema**](JsonSchema.md) |  | [optional] 
**annotations** | [**JsonSchemaAnnotations**](JsonSchemaAnnotations.md) |  | [optional] 
**deprecated** | **bool** | Whether the parameter is deprecated. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | A description of this object. | [optional] 
**enum** | **List[str]** | Values this parameter may take (if it is an enum). | [optional] 
**enum_deprecated** | **List[bool]** | The deprecation status for the enums. Each position maps to the corresponding value in the \&quot;enum\&quot; array. | [optional] 
**enum_descriptions** | **List[str]** | The descriptions for the enums. Each position maps to the corresponding value in the \&quot;enum\&quot; array. | [optional] 
**format** | **str** | An additional regular expression or key that helps constrain the value. For more details see: http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-zyp-json-schema-03#section-5.23 | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | Unique identifier for this schema. | [optional] 
**items** | [**JsonSchema**](JsonSchema.md) |  | [optional] 
**location** | **str** | Whether this parameter goes in the query or the path for REST requests. | [optional] 
**maximum** | **str** | The maximum value of this parameter. | [optional] 
**minimum** | **str** | The minimum value of this parameter. | [optional] 
**pattern** | **str** | The regular expression this parameter must conform to. Uses Java 6 regex format: http://docs.oracle.com/javase/6/docs/api/java/util/regex/Pattern.html | [optional] 
**properties** | [**Dict[str, JsonSchema]**](JsonSchema.md) | If this is a schema for an object, list the schema for each property of this object. | [optional] 
**read_only** | **bool** | The value is read-only, generated by the service. The value cannot be modified by the client. If the value is included in a POST, PUT, or PATCH request, it is ignored by the service. | [optional] 
**repeated** | **bool** | Whether this parameter may appear multiple times. | [optional] 
**required** | **bool** | Whether the parameter is required. | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | The value type for this schema. A list of values can be found here: http://tools.ietf.org/html/draft-zyp-json-schema-03#section-5.1 | [optional] 
**variant** | [**JsonSchemaVariant**](JsonSchemaVariant.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.json_schema import JsonSchema

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of JsonSchema from a JSON string
json_schema_instance = JsonSchema.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(JsonSchema.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
json_schema_dict = json_schema_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of JsonSchema from a dict
json_schema_from_dict = JsonSchema.from_dict(json_schema_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


