# Finding

A Finding resource represents a vulnerability instance identified during a ScanRun.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**body** | **str** | The body of the request that triggered the vulnerability. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | The description of the vulnerability. | [optional] 
**final_url** | **str** | The URL where the browser lands when the vulnerability is detected. | [optional] 
**finding_type** | **str** | The type of the Finding. Detailed and up-to-date information on findings can be found here: https://cloud.google.com/security-command-center/docs/how-to-remediate-web-security-scanner | [optional] 
**form** | [**Form**](Form.md) |  | [optional] 
**frame_url** | **str** | If the vulnerability was originated from nested IFrame, the immediate parent IFrame is reported. | [optional] 
**fuzzed_url** | **str** | The URL produced by the server-side fuzzer and used in the request that triggered the vulnerability. | [optional] 
**http_method** | **str** | The http method of the request that triggered the vulnerability, in uppercase. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The resource name of the Finding. The name follows the format of &#39;projects/{projectId}/scanConfigs/{scanConfigId}/scanruns/{scanRunId}/findings/{findingId}&#39;. The finding IDs are generated by the system. | [optional] 
**outdated_library** | [**OutdatedLibrary**](OutdatedLibrary.md) |  | [optional] 
**reproduction_url** | **str** | The URL containing human-readable payload that user can leverage to reproduce the vulnerability. | [optional] 
**severity** | **str** | The severity level of the reported vulnerability. | [optional] 
**tracking_id** | **str** | The tracking ID uniquely identifies a vulnerability instance across multiple ScanRuns. | [optional] 
**violating_resource** | [**ViolatingResource**](ViolatingResource.md) |  | [optional] 
**vulnerable_headers** | [**VulnerableHeaders**](VulnerableHeaders.md) |  | [optional] 
**vulnerable_parameters** | [**VulnerableParameters**](VulnerableParameters.md) |  | [optional] 
**xss** | [**Xss**](Xss.md) |  | [optional] 
**xxe** | [**Xxe**](Xxe.md) |  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.finding import Finding

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Finding from a JSON string
finding_instance = Finding.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Finding.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
finding_dict = finding_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Finding from a dict
finding_from_dict = Finding.from_dict(finding_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


