# Space


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**access_mode_type** | **str** | The name of the access mode type of the space. | [optional] 
**creation_time** | **float** | The space creation time. | [optional] 
**creator_id** | **str** | The ID of the space creator. | [optional] 
**default_role** | **str** | The name of the default role of a new participant. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | The space description. | [optional] 
**large_picture_base64** | **str** | Base64 encoded image that can be set during the creation and the update of a space. | [optional] 
**large_picture_content_type** | **str** | The content type of the image. | [optional] 
**large_picture_id** | **str** | The file id of the large version of the picture. | [optional] 
**last_content_creation_time** | **float** | Time stamp when the last content (topic / reply) was created within this space. | [optional] 
**last_content_creator_id** | **str** | User ID of the user which created the last content. | [optional] 
**modification_time** | **float** | The space modification time. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The unique space name. | [optional] 
**number_of_external_participants** | **float** | Number of external participants in the space. | [optional] 
**number_of_participants** | **float** | Number of participants in the space. | [optional] 
**number_of_pinned_topics** | **float** | Number of pinned topics in the space. | [optional] 
**number_of_replies** | **float** | Number of replies in the space. | [optional] 
**number_of_topics** | **float** | Number of topics in the space. | [optional] 
**owner_id** | **str** | The ID of the space owner. | [optional] 
**small_picture_base64** | **str** | Base64 encoded image that can be set during the creation and the update of a space. | [optional] 
**small_picture_content_type** | **str** | The content type of the image. | [optional] 
**small_picture_id** | **str** | The file id of the small version of the picture. | [optional] 
**space_id** | **str** | The unique space ID generated by the backend during the creation of the space. | [optional] 
**status** | **str** | The name of the status of the space. | [optional] 
**tags** | **List[str]** | The list of space tags. | [optional] 
**tenant_id** | **str** | The ID of the space tenant. | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | The name of the space type. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.space import Space

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Space from a JSON string
space_instance = Space.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Space.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
space_dict = space_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Space from a dict
space_from_dict = Space.from_dict(space_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


