# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { CancelContactRequest, CancelContactResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";

const sdk = new SDK(WithSecurity(
  security: {
    hmac: {
      apiKey: "YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
    },
  }
));
    
const req: CancelContactRequest = {
  pathParams: {
    contactId: "error",
  },
  headers: {
    xAmzAlgorithm: "dolores",
    xAmzContentSha256: "non",
    xAmzCredential: "aspernatur",
    xAmzDate: "rem",
    xAmzSecurityToken: "vel",
    xAmzSignature: "eum",
    xAmzSignedHeaders: "at",
  },
};

sdk.sdk.cancelContact(req).then((res: CancelContactResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `cancelContact` - Cancels a contact with a specified contact ID.
* `createConfig` - <p>Creates a <code>Config</code> with the specified <code>configData</code> parameters.</p> <p>Only one type of <code>configData</code> can be specified.</p>
* `createDataflowEndpointGroup` - <p>Creates a <code>DataflowEndpoint</code> group containing the specified list of <code>DataflowEndpoint</code> objects.</p> <p>The <code>name</code> field in each endpoint is used in your mission profile <code>DataflowEndpointConfig</code> to specify which endpoints to use during a contact.</p> <p>When a contact uses multiple <code>DataflowEndpointConfig</code> objects, each <code>Config</code> must match a <code>DataflowEndpoint</code> in the same group.</p>
* `createMissionProfile` - <p>Creates a mission profile.</p> <p> <code>dataflowEdges</code> is a list of lists of strings. Each lower level list of strings has two elements: a <i>from</i> ARN and a <i>to</i> ARN.</p>
* `deleteConfig` - Deletes a <code>Config</code>.
* `deleteDataflowEndpointGroup` - Deletes a dataflow endpoint group.
* `deleteMissionProfile` - Deletes a mission profile.
* `describeContact` - Describes an existing contact.
* `getConfig` - <p>Returns <code>Config</code> information.</p> <p>Only one <code>Config</code> response can be returned.</p>
* `getDataflowEndpointGroup` - Returns the dataflow endpoint group.
* `getMinuteUsage` - Returns the number of minutes used by account.
* `getMissionProfile` - Returns a mission profile.
* `getSatellite` - Returns a satellite.
* `listConfigs` - Returns a list of <code>Config</code> objects.
* `listContacts` - <p>Returns a list of contacts.</p> <p>If <code>statusList</code> contains AVAILABLE, the request must include <code>groundStation</code>, <code>missionprofileArn</code>, and <code>satelliteArn</code>. </p>
* `listDataflowEndpointGroups` - Returns a list of <code>DataflowEndpoint</code> groups.
* `listGroundStations` - Returns a list of ground stations. 
* `listMissionProfiles` - Returns a list of mission profiles.
* `listSatellites` - Returns a list of satellites.
* `listTagsForResource` - Returns a list of tags for a specified resource.
* `reserveContact` - Reserves a contact using specified parameters.
* `tagResource` - Assigns a tag to a resource.
* `untagResource` - Deassigns a resource tag.
* `updateConfig` - <p>Updates the <code>Config</code> used when scheduling contacts.</p> <p>Updating a <code>Config</code> will not update the execution parameters for existing future contacts scheduled with this <code>Config</code>.</p>
* `updateMissionProfile` - <p>Updates a mission profile.</p> <p>Updating a mission profile will not update the execution parameters for existing future contacts.</p>

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
