# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
    
req = operations.DomainsrdapAutnumGetRequest(
    path_params=operations.DomainsrdapAutnumGetPathParams(
        autnum_id="aperiam",
    ),
    query_params=operations.DomainsrdapAutnumGetQueryParams(
        dollar_xgafv="2",
        access_token="modi",
        alt="media",
        callback="ad",
        fields="id",
        key="accusamus",
        oauth_token="quasi",
        pretty_print=False,
        quota_user="deserunt",
        upload_type="quas",
        upload_protocol="vero",
    ),
)
    
res = s.autnum.domainsrdap_autnum_get(req)

if res.rdap_response is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### autnum

* `domainsrdap_autnum_get` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.

### domain

* `domainsrdap_domain_get` - Look up RDAP information for a domain by name.

### entity

* `domainsrdap_entity_get` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.

### ip

* `domainsrdap_ip_get` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.

### nameserver

* `domainsrdap_nameserver_get` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.

### v1

* `domainsrdap_get_domains` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.
* `domainsrdap_get_entities` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.
* `domainsrdap_get_help` - Get help information for the RDAP API, including links to documentation.
* `domainsrdap_get_ip` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.
* `domainsrdap_get_nameservers` - The RDAP API recognizes this command from the RDAP specification but does not support it. The response is a formatted 501 error.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
