# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
s.config_security(
    security=shared.Security(
        hmac=shared.SchemeHmac(
            api_key="YOUR_API_KEY_HERE",
        ),
    )
)
    
req = operations.ClaimDevicesByClaimCodeRequest(
    path_params=operations.ClaimDevicesByClaimCodePathParams(
        claim_code="est",
    ),
    headers=operations.ClaimDevicesByClaimCodeHeaders(
        x_amz_algorithm="beatae",
        x_amz_content_sha256="odio",
        x_amz_credential="blanditiis",
        x_amz_date="voluptatem",
        x_amz_security_token="ea",
        x_amz_signature="eum",
        x_amz_signed_headers="at",
    ),
)
    
res = s.sdk.claim_devices_by_claim_code(req)

if res.claim_devices_by_claim_code_response is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `claim_devices_by_claim_code` - Adds device(s) to your account (i.e., claim one or more devices) if and only if you
 received a claim code with the device(s).
* `describe_device` - Given a device ID, returns a DescribeDeviceResponse object describing the
 details of the device.
* `finalize_device_claim` - <p>Given a device ID, finalizes the claim request for the associated device.</p><note>
 <p>Claiming a device consists of initiating a claim, then publishing a device event,
 and finalizing the claim. For a device of type button, a device event can
 be published by simply clicking the device.</p>
 </note>
* `get_device_methods` - Given a device ID, returns the invokable methods associated with the device.
* `initiate_device_claim` - <p>Given a device ID, initiates a claim request for the associated device.</p><note>
 <p>Claiming a device consists of initiating a claim, then publishing a device event,
 and finalizing the claim. For a device of type button, a device event can
 be published by simply clicking the device.</p>
 </note>
* `invoke_device_method` - Given a device ID, issues a request to invoke a named device method (with possible
 parameters). See the "Example POST" code snippet below.
* `list_device_events` - Using a device ID, returns a DeviceEventsResponse object containing an
 array of events for the device.
* `list_devices` - Lists the 1-Click compatible devices associated with your AWS account.
* `list_tags_for_resource` - Lists the tags associated with the specified resource ARN.
* `tag_resource` - Adds or updates the tags associated with the resource ARN. See <a href="https://docs.aws.amazon.com/iot-1-click/latest/developerguide/1click-appendix.html#1click-limits">AWS IoT 1-Click Service Limits</a> for the maximum number of tags allowed per
 resource.
* `unclaim_device` - Disassociates a device from your AWS account using its device ID.
* `untag_resource` - Using tag keys, deletes the tags (key/value pairs) associated with the specified
 resource ARN.
* `update_device_state` - Using a Boolean value (true or false), this operation
 enables or disables the device given a device ID.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
