# GoogleCloudApigeeV1ApiProxyRevision

API proxy revision.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**archive** | **str** | Output only. The archive that generated this proxy revision. This field is only present on proxy revisions that were generated by an archive. Proxies generated by archives cannot be updated, deleted, or deployed to other environments. Format: &#x60;organizations/*/environments/*/archiveDeployments/*&#x60; | [optional] [readonly] 
**basepaths** | **List[str]** | Base URL of the API proxy. | [optional] 
**configuration_version** | [**GoogleCloudApigeeV1ConfigVersion**](GoogleCloudApigeeV1ConfigVersion.md) |  | [optional] 
**context_info** | **str** | Revision number, app name, and organization for the API proxy. | [optional] 
**created_at** | **str** | Time that the API proxy revision was created in milliseconds since epoch. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | Description of the API proxy revision. | [optional] 
**display_name** | **str** | Human-readable name of the API proxy. | [optional] 
**entity_meta_data_as_properties** | **Dict[str, str]** | Metadata describing the API proxy revision as a key-value map. | [optional] 
**has_extensible_policy** | **bool** | Output only. This field will be marked as true if revision contains any policies marked as extensible. | [optional] [readonly] 
**integration_endpoints** | **List[str]** | List of IntegrationEndpoints in the &#39;/integration-endpoints&#39; directory of the API proxy. This is a &#39;manifest&#39; setting designed to provide visibility into the contents of the API proxy. | [optional] 
**last_modified_at** | **str** | Time that the API proxy revision was last modified in milliseconds since epoch. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Name of the API proxy. | [optional] 
**policies** | **List[str]** | List of policy names included in the API proxy revision.. | [optional] 
**proxies** | **List[str]** | List of proxy names included in the API proxy revision. | [optional] 
**proxy_endpoints** | **List[str]** | List of ProxyEndpoints in the &#x60;/proxies&#x60; directory of the API proxy. Typically, this element is included only when the API proxy was created using the Edge UI. This is a &#39;manifest&#39; setting designed to provide visibility into the contents of the API proxy. | [optional] 
**resource_files** | [**GoogleCloudApigeeV1ResourceFiles**](GoogleCloudApigeeV1ResourceFiles.md) |  | [optional] 
**resources** | **List[str]** | List of the resources included in the API proxy revision formatted as \&quot;{type}://{name}\&quot;. | [optional] 
**revision** | **str** | API proxy revision. | [optional] 
**shared_flows** | **List[str]** | List of the shared flows included in the API proxy revision. | [optional] 
**spec** | **str** | OpenAPI Specification that is associated with the API proxy. The value is set to a URL or to a path in the specification store. | [optional] 
**target_endpoints** | **List[str]** | List of TargetEndpoints in the &#x60;/targets&#x60; directory of the API proxy. Typically, this element is included only when the API proxy was created using the Edge UI. This is a &#39;manifest&#39; setting designed to provide visibility into the contents of the API proxy. | [optional] 
**target_servers** | **List[str]** | List of TargetServers referenced in any TargetEndpoint in the API proxy. Typically, you will see this element only when the API proxy was created using the Edge UI. This is a &#39;manifest&#39; setting designed to provide visibility into the contents of the API proxy. | [optional] 
**targets** | **List[str]** | List of the targets included in the API proxy revision. | [optional] 
**teams** | **List[str]** | List of the teams included in the API proxy revision. | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | Type. Set to &#x60;Application&#x60;. Maintained for compatibility with the Apigee Edge API. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.google_cloud_apigee_v1_api_proxy_revision import GoogleCloudApigeeV1ApiProxyRevision

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of GoogleCloudApigeeV1ApiProxyRevision from a JSON string
google_cloud_apigee_v1_api_proxy_revision_instance = GoogleCloudApigeeV1ApiProxyRevision.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(GoogleCloudApigeeV1ApiProxyRevision.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
google_cloud_apigee_v1_api_proxy_revision_dict = google_cloud_apigee_v1_api_proxy_revision_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of GoogleCloudApigeeV1ApiProxyRevision from a dict
google_cloud_apigee_v1_api_proxy_revision_from_dict = GoogleCloudApigeeV1ApiProxyRevision.from_dict(google_cloud_apigee_v1_api_proxy_revision_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


