# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
    
req = operations.CloudsupportCaseClassificationsSearchRequest(
    security=operations.CloudsupportCaseClassificationsSearchSecurity(
        oauth2=shared.SchemeOauth2(
            authorization="Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
        )
        oauth2c=shared.SchemeOauth2c(
            authorization="Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
        ),
    ),
    query_params=operations.CloudsupportCaseClassificationsSearchQueryParams(
        dollar_xgafv="2",
        access_token="ut",
        alt="media",
        callback="consequatur",
        fields="adipisci",
        key="itaque",
        oauth_token="ut",
        page_size=1440008394181417633,
        page_token="omnis",
        pretty_print=True,
        query="fugiat",
        quota_user="in",
        upload_type="ducimus",
        upload_protocol="sed",
    ),
)
    
res = s.case_classifications.cloudsupport_case_classifications_search(req)

if res.search_case_classifications_response is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### caseClassifications

* `cloudsupport_case_classifications_search` - Retrieve valid classifications to be used when creating a support case. The classications are hierarchical, with each classification containing all levels of the hierarchy, separated by " > ". For example "Technical Issue > Compute > Compute Engine".

### cases

* `cloudsupport_cases_attachments_list` - Retrieve all attachments associated with a support case.
* `cloudsupport_cases_close` - Close the specified case.
* `cloudsupport_cases_comments_create` - Add a new comment to the specified Case. The comment object must have the following fields set: body.
* `cloudsupport_cases_comments_list` - Retrieve all Comments associated with the Case object.
* `cloudsupport_cases_create` - Create a new case and associate it with the given Cloud resource. The case object must have the following fields set: display_name, description, classification, and severity.
* `cloudsupport_cases_escalate` - Escalate a case. Escalating a case will initiate the Cloud Support escalation management process. This operation is only available to certain Customer Care tiers. Go to https://cloud.google.com/support and look for 'Technical support escalations' in the feature list to find out which tiers are able to perform escalations.
* `cloudsupport_cases_get` - Retrieve the specified case.
* `cloudsupport_cases_list` - Retrieve all cases under the specified parent. Note: Listing cases under an Organization returns only the cases directly parented by that organization. To retrieve all cases under an organization, including cases parented by projects under that organization, use `cases.search`.
* `cloudsupport_cases_patch` - Update the specified case. Only a subset of fields (display_name, description, time_zone, subscriber_email_addresses, related_resources, severity, priority, primary_contact, and labels) can be updated.
* `cloudsupport_cases_search` - Search cases using the specified query.

### media

* `cloudsupport_media_download` - Download a file attachment on a case. Note: HTTP requests must append "?alt=media" to the URL.
* `cloudsupport_media_upload` - Create a file attachment on a case or Cloud resource. The attachment object must have the following fields set: filename.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
