# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
    
req = operations.AppDgetRequest(
    path_params=operations.AppDgetPathParams(
        app_d_id="qui",
    ),
    query_params=operations.AppDgetQueryParams(
        all_fields="rerum",
        exclude_default="in",
        exclude_fields="pariatur",
        fields="illum",
        filter="fugiat",
    ),
)
    
res = s.app_pkgm.app_dget(req)

if res.body is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### app-pkgm

* `app_dget` - Reads the content of the AppD of on-boarded individual application package resources.
* `app_d_id_get` - Fetch the onboarded application package content identified by appPkgId or appDId.
* `app_d_id_put` - Uploads the content of application package.
* `app_pkg_get` - Fetch the onboarded application package content identified by appPkgId or appDId.
* `app_pkg_id_get` - Reads the content of the AppD of on-boarded individual application package resources.
* `app_pkg_put` - Uploads the content of application package.
* `app_package_delete` - Deletes an individual application package resources
* `app_package_get` - Queries the information related to individual application package resources
* `app_package_patch` - Updates the operational state of an individual application package resource
* `app_packages_get` - Queries information relating to on-boarded application packages in the MEO
* `app_packages_post` - Create a resource for on-boarding an application package to a MEO
* `individual_subscription_delete` - Deletes the individual subscription to notifications about application package changes in MEO.
* `individual_subscription_get` - Used to represent an individual subscription to notifications about application package changes.
* `subscriptions_get` - used to retrieve the information of subscriptions to individual application package resource in MEO

### app-pkgm-notifications

* `app_pkg_notification_post` - Registers a notification endpoint to notify application package operations

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
