# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { HomegraphAgentUsersDeleteRequest, HomegraphAgentUsersDeleteResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";


const sdk = new SDK();
    
const req: HomegraphAgentUsersDeleteRequest = {
  security: {
    oauth2: {
      authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
    }
    oauth2c: {
      authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
    },
  },
  pathParams: {
    agentUserId: "quas",
  },
  queryParams: {
    dollarXgafv: "2",
    accessToken: "excepturi",
    alt: "proto",
    callback: "enim",
    fields: "aut",
    key: "numquam",
    oauthToken: "aliquam",
    prettyPrint: false,
    quotaUser: "sint",
    requestId: "odio",
    uploadType: "consequatur",
    uploadProtocol: "veritatis",
  },
};

sdk.agentUsers.homegraphAgentUsersDelete(req).then((res: HomegraphAgentUsersDeleteResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### agentUsers

* `homegraphAgentUsersDelete` - Unlinks the given third-party user from your smart home Action. All data related to this user will be deleted. For more details on how users link their accounts, see [fulfillment and authentication](https://developers.google.com/assistant/smarthome/concepts/fulfillment-authentication). The third-party user's identity is passed in via the `agent_user_id` (see DeleteAgentUserRequest). This request must be authorized using service account credentials from your Actions console project.

### devices

* `homegraphDevicesQuery` - Gets the current states in Home Graph for the given set of the third-party user's devices. The third-party user's identity is passed in via the `agent_user_id` (see QueryRequest). This request must be authorized using service account credentials from your Actions console project.
* `homegraphDevicesReportStateAndNotification` - Reports device state and optionally sends device notifications. Called by your smart home Action when the state of a third-party device changes or you need to send a notification about the device. See [Implement Report State](https://developers.google.com/assistant/smarthome/develop/report-state) for more information. This method updates the device state according to its declared [traits](https://developers.google.com/assistant/smarthome/concepts/devices-traits). Publishing a new state value outside of these traits will result in an `INVALID_ARGUMENT` error response. The third-party user's identity is passed in via the `agent_user_id` (see ReportStateAndNotificationRequest). This request must be authorized using service account credentials from your Actions console project.
* `homegraphDevicesRequestSync` - Requests Google to send an `action.devices.SYNC` [intent](https://developers.google.com/assistant/smarthome/reference/intent/sync) to your smart home Action to update device metadata for the given user. The third-party user's identity is passed via the `agent_user_id` (see RequestSyncDevicesRequest). This request must be authorized using service account credentials from your Actions console project.
* `homegraphDevicesSync` - Gets all the devices associated with the given third-party user. The third-party user's identity is passed in via the `agent_user_id` (see SyncRequest). This request must be authorized using service account credentials from your Actions console project.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
