# Debuggee

Represents the debugged application. The application may include one or more replicated processes executing the same code. Each of these processes is attached with a debugger agent, carrying out the debugging commands. Agents attached to the same debuggee identify themselves as such by using exactly the same Debuggee message value when registering.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**agent_version** | **str** | Version ID of the agent. Schema: &#x60;domain/language-platform/vmajor.minor&#x60; (for example &#x60;google.com/java-gcp/v1.1&#x60;). | [optional] 
**canary_mode** | **str** | Used when setting breakpoint canary for this debuggee. | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | Human readable description of the debuggee. Including a human-readable project name, environment name and version information is recommended. | [optional] 
**ext_source_contexts** | [**List[ExtendedSourceContext]**](ExtendedSourceContext.md) | References to the locations and revisions of the source code used in the deployed application. | [optional] 
**id** | **str** | Unique identifier for the debuggee generated by the controller service. | [optional] 
**is_disabled** | **bool** | If set to &#x60;true&#x60;, indicates that the agent should disable itself and detach from the debuggee. | [optional] 
**is_inactive** | **bool** | If set to &#x60;true&#x60;, indicates that Controller service does not detect any activity from the debuggee agents and the application is possibly stopped. | [optional] 
**labels** | **Dict[str, str]** | A set of custom debuggee properties, populated by the agent, to be displayed to the user. | [optional] 
**project** | **str** | Project the debuggee is associated with. Use project number or id when registering a Google Cloud Platform project. | [optional] 
**source_contexts** | [**List[SourceContext]**](SourceContext.md) | References to the locations and revisions of the source code used in the deployed application. | [optional] 
**status** | [**StatusMessage**](StatusMessage.md) |  | [optional] 
**uniquifier** | **str** | Uniquifier to further distinguish the application. It is possible that different applications might have identical values in the debuggee message, thus, incorrectly identified as a single application by the Controller service. This field adds salt to further distinguish the application. Agents should consider seeding this field with value that identifies the code, binary, configuration and environment. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.debuggee import Debuggee

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Debuggee from a JSON string
debuggee_instance = Debuggee.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Debuggee.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
debuggee_dict = debuggee_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Debuggee from a dict
debuggee_from_dict = Debuggee.from_dict(debuggee_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


