# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
    
req = operations.CreatorRolesListRequest(
    query_params=operations.CreatorRolesListQueryParams(
        page=7348434050736803316,
        page_size=8602515491234131430,
    ),
)
    
res = s.sdk.creator_roles_list(req)

if res.creator_roles_list_200_application_json_object is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `creator_roles_list` - Get a list of creator positions (jobs).
* `creators_list` - Get a list of game creators.
* `creators_read` - Get details of the creator.
* `developers_list` - Get a list of game developers.
* `developers_read` - Get details of the developer.
* `games_achievements_read` - Get a list of game achievements.
* `games_additions_list` - Get a list of DLC's for the game, GOTY and other editions, companion apps, etc.
* `games_development_team_list` - Get a list of individual creators that were part of the development team.
* `games_game_series_list` - Get a list of games that are part of the same series.
* `games_list` - Get a list of games.
* `games_movies_read` - Get a list of game trailers.
* `games_parent_games_list` - Get a list of parent games for DLC's and editions.
* `games_read` - Get details of the game.
* `games_reddit_read` - Get a list of most recent posts from the game's subreddit.
* `games_screenshots_list` - Get screenshots for the game.
* `games_stores_list` - Get links to the stores that sell the game.
* `games_suggested_read` - Get a list of visually similar games, available only for business and enterprise API users.
* `games_twitch_read` - Get streams on Twitch associated with the game, available only for business and enterprise API users.
* `games_youtube_read` - Get videos from YouTube associated with the game, available only for business and enterprise API users.
* `genres_list` - Get a list of video game genres.
* `genres_read` - Get details of the genre.
* `platforms_list` - Get a list of video game platforms.
* `platforms_lists_parents_list` - Get a list of parent platforms.
* `platforms_read` - Get details of the platform.
* `publishers_list` - Get a list of video game publishers.
* `publishers_read` - Get details of the publisher.
* `stores_list` - Get a list of video game storefronts.
* `stores_read` - Get details of the store.
* `tags_list` - Get a list of tags.
* `tags_read` - Get details of the tag.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
