# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
    
req = operations.GetRestMethodEqualFlickrGroupsPoolsGetContextRequest(
    query_params=operations.GetRestMethodEqualFlickrGroupsPoolsGetContextQueryParams(
        api_key="pariatur",
        group_id="tenetur",
        photo_id="incidunt",
    ),
)
    
res = s.sdk.get_rest_method_equal_flickr_groups_pools_get_context(req)

if res.get_rest_method_equal_flickr_groups_pools_get_context_200_application_json_object is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### SDK SDK

* `get_rest_method_equal_flickr_groups_pools_get_context` - Returns next and previous photos for a photo in a group pool
* `echo` - Echos the input parameters back in the response
* `get_access_token` - Returns an access token
* `get_album_by_id` - Returns a list of photos in an album.
* `get_album_context_by_id` - Returns next and previous photos for a photo in a set
* `get_albums_by_person_id` - Returns the albums belonging to the specified user
* `get_favorites_by_person_id` - Returns a list of the user's favorite photos. Only photos which the calling user has permission to see are returned.
* `get_favorites_context_by_id` - Returns next and previous favorites for a photo in a user's favorites
* `get_gallery_photos_by_id` - Returns a list of photos in a gallery.
* `get_group_by_id` - Get information about a group
* `get_group_discussions_by_id` - Get a list of discussion topics in a group.
* `get_group_photos_by_id` - Returns a list of pool photos for a given group
* `get_group_topic_by_id` - Get information about a group discussion topic
* `get_group_topic_replies_by_id` - Get information on a group topic reply
* `get_license_by_id` - Fetches a list of available photo licenses for Flickr
* `get_media_by_person_id` - Return photos from the given user's photostream
* `get_media_by_search` - Return a list of photos matching some criteria.
* `get_person_by_id` - Returns a person
* `get_photo_by_id` - Returns a photo
* `get_photo_exif_by_id` - Retrieves a list of EXIF/TIFF/GPS tags for a given photo. The calling user must have permission to view the photo.
* `get_photo_sizes_by_id` - Returns photo sizes
* `get_photolist_context_by_id` - Returns next and previous photos in a photo list
* `get_photostream_context_by_id` - Returns next and previous photos for a photo in a photostream
* `get_request_token` - Returns an oauth token and oauth token secret
* `upload_photo` - Uploads a new photo to Flickr

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
