# Deployment


## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**credential** | [**Credential**](Credential.md) |  | [optional] 
**description** | **str** | An optional user-provided description of the deployment. | [optional] 
**fingerprint** | **bytearray** | Provides a fingerprint to use in requests to modify a deployment, such as &#x60;update()&#x60;, &#x60;stop()&#x60;, and &#x60;cancelPreview()&#x60; requests. A fingerprint is a randomly generated value that must be provided with &#x60;update()&#x60;, &#x60;stop()&#x60;, and &#x60;cancelPreview()&#x60; requests to perform optimistic locking. This ensures optimistic concurrency so that only one request happens at a time. The fingerprint is initially generated by Deployment Manager and changes after every request to modify data. To get the latest fingerprint value, perform a &#x60;get()&#x60; request to a deployment. | [optional] 
**id** | **str** |  | [optional] 
**insert_time** | **str** | Output only. Creation timestamp in RFC3339 text format. | [optional] 
**labels** | [**List[DeploymentLabelEntry]**](DeploymentLabelEntry.md) | Map of One Platform labels; provided by the client when the resource is created or updated. Specifically: Label keys must be between 1 and 63 characters long and must conform to the following regular expression: &#x60;[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?&#x60; Label values must be between 0 and 63 characters long and must conform to the regular expression &#x60;([a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?)?&#x60;. | [optional] 
**manifest** | **str** | Output only. URL of the manifest representing the last manifest that was successfully deployed. If no manifest has been successfully deployed, this field will be absent. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Name of the resource; provided by the client when the resource is created. The name must be 1-63 characters long, and comply with RFC1035. Specifically, the name must be 1-63 characters long and match the regular expression &#x60;[a-z]([-a-z0-9]*[a-z0-9])?&#x60; which means the first character must be a lowercase letter, and all following characters must be a dash, lowercase letter, or digit, except the last character, which cannot be a dash. | [optional] 
**operation** | [**Operation**](Operation.md) |  | [optional] 
**outputs** | [**List[DeploymentOutputEntry]**](DeploymentOutputEntry.md) | Output only. List of outputs from the last manifest that deployed successfully. | [optional] 
**self_link** | **str** | Output only. Server defined URL for the resource. | [optional] 
**target** | [**TargetConfiguration**](TargetConfiguration.md) |  | [optional] 
**update** | [**DeploymentUpdate**](DeploymentUpdate.md) |  | [optional] 
**update_time** | **str** | Output only. Update timestamp in RFC3339 text format. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.deployment import Deployment

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Deployment from a JSON string
deployment_instance = Deployment.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Deployment.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
deployment_dict = deployment_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Deployment from a dict
deployment_from_dict = Deployment.from_dict(deployment_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


