# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

### NPM

```bash
npm add openapi
```

### Yarn

```bash
yarn add openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```typescript
import { SDK, WithSecurity} from "openapi";
import { SecretmanagerProjectsLocationsListRequest, SecretmanagerProjectsLocationsListResponse } from "openapi/src/sdk/models/operations";
import { AxiosError } from "axios";


const sdk = new SDK();
    
const req: SecretmanagerProjectsLocationsListRequest = {
  security: {
    oauth2: {
      authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
    }
    oauth2c: {
      authorization: "Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
    },
  },
  pathParams: {
    name: "mollitia",
  },
  queryParams: {
    dollarXgafv: "2",
    accessToken: "temporibus",
    alt: "media",
    callback: "sit",
    fields: "est",
    filter: "dolore",
    key: "suscipit",
    oauthToken: "doloribus",
    pageSize: 7583896774153310800,
    pageToken: "voluptatem",
    prettyPrint: false,
    quotaUser: "voluptas",
    uploadType: "et",
    uploadProtocol: "magnam",
  },
};

sdk.projects.secretmanagerProjectsLocationsList(req).then((res: SecretmanagerProjectsLocationsListResponse | AxiosError) => {
   // handle response
});
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### projects

* `secretmanagerProjectsLocationsList` - Lists information about the supported locations for this service.
* `secretmanagerProjectsSecretsAddVersion` - Creates a new SecretVersion containing secret data and attaches it to an existing Secret.
* `secretmanagerProjectsSecretsCreate` - Creates a new Secret containing no SecretVersions.
* `secretmanagerProjectsSecretsDelete` - Deletes a Secret.
* `secretmanagerProjectsSecretsGetIamPolicy` - Gets the access control policy for a secret. Returns empty policy if the secret exists and does not have a policy set.
* `secretmanagerProjectsSecretsList` - Lists Secrets.
* `secretmanagerProjectsSecretsPatch` - Updates metadata of an existing Secret.
* `secretmanagerProjectsSecretsSetIamPolicy` - Sets the access control policy on the specified secret. Replaces any existing policy. Permissions on SecretVersions are enforced according to the policy set on the associated Secret.
* `secretmanagerProjectsSecretsTestIamPermissions` - Returns permissions that a caller has for the specified secret. If the secret does not exist, this call returns an empty set of permissions, not a NOT_FOUND error. Note: This operation is designed to be used for building permission-aware UIs and command-line tools, not for authorization checking. This operation may "fail open" without warning.
* `secretmanagerProjectsSecretsVersionsAccess` - Accesses a SecretVersion. This call returns the secret data. `projects/*/secrets/*/versions/latest` is an alias to the most recently created SecretVersion.
* `secretmanagerProjectsSecretsVersionsDestroy` - Destroys a SecretVersion. Sets the state of the SecretVersion to DESTROYED and irrevocably destroys the secret data.
* `secretmanagerProjectsSecretsVersionsDisable` - Disables a SecretVersion. Sets the state of the SecretVersion to DISABLED.
* `secretmanagerProjectsSecretsVersionsEnable` - Enables a SecretVersion. Sets the state of the SecretVersion to ENABLED.
* `secretmanagerProjectsSecretsVersionsGet` - Gets metadata for a SecretVersion. `projects/*/secrets/*/versions/latest` is an alias to the most recently created SecretVersion.
* `secretmanagerProjectsSecretsVersionsList` - Lists SecretVersions. This call does not return secret data.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
