# ReturnPolicyOnline

Return policy online object. This is currently used to represent return policies for ads and free listings programs.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**countries** | **List[str]** | The countries of sale where the return policy is applicable. The values must be a valid 2 letter ISO 3166 code, e.g. \&quot;US\&quot;. | [optional] 
**item_conditions** | **List[str]** | The item conditions that are accepted for returns. This is required to not be empty unless the type of return policy is noReturns. | [optional] 
**label** | **str** | The unique user-defined label of the return policy. The same label cannot be used in different return policies for the same country. Policies with the label &#39;default&#39; will apply to all products, unless a product specifies a return_policy_label attribute. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The name of the policy as shown in Merchant Center. | [optional] 
**policy** | [**ReturnPolicyOnlinePolicy**](ReturnPolicyOnlinePolicy.md) |  | [optional] 
**restocking_fee** | [**ReturnPolicyOnlineRestockingFee**](ReturnPolicyOnlineRestockingFee.md) |  | [optional] 
**return_methods** | **List[str]** | The return methods of how customers can return an item. This value is required to not be empty unless the type of return policy is noReturns. | [optional] 
**return_policy_id** | **str** | Output only. Return policy ID generated by Google. | [optional] [readonly] 
**return_policy_uri** | **str** | The return policy uri. This can used by Google to do a sanity check for the policy. | [optional] 
**return_reason_category_info** | [**List[ReturnPolicyOnlineReturnReasonCategoryInfo]**](ReturnPolicyOnlineReturnReasonCategoryInfo.md) | The return reason category information. This required to not be empty unless the type of return policy is noReturns. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.return_policy_online import ReturnPolicyOnline

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ReturnPolicyOnline from a JSON string
return_policy_online_instance = ReturnPolicyOnline.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(ReturnPolicyOnline.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
return_policy_online_dict = return_policy_online_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ReturnPolicyOnline from a dict
return_policy_online_from_dict = ReturnPolicyOnline.from_dict(return_policy_online_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


