# Command

A command.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**clear_apps_data_params** | [**ClearAppsDataParams**](ClearAppsDataParams.md) |  | [optional] 
**clear_apps_data_status** | [**ClearAppsDataStatus**](ClearAppsDataStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**create_time** | **str** | The timestamp at which the command was created. The timestamp is automatically generated by the server. | [optional] 
**duration** | **str** | The duration for which the command is valid. The command will expire if not executed by the device during this time. The default duration if unspecified is ten minutes. There is no maximum duration. | [optional] 
**error_code** | **str** | If the command failed, an error code explaining the failure. This is not set when the command is cancelled by the caller. | [optional] 
**new_password** | **str** | For commands of type RESET_PASSWORD, optionally specifies the new password. Note: The new password must be at least 6 characters long if it is numeric in case of Android 14 devices. Else the command will fail with INVALID_VALUE. | [optional] 
**reset_password_flags** | **List[str]** | For commands of type RESET_PASSWORD, optionally specifies flags. | [optional] 
**start_lost_mode_params** | [**StartLostModeParams**](StartLostModeParams.md) |  | [optional] 
**start_lost_mode_status** | [**StartLostModeStatus**](StartLostModeStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**stop_lost_mode_params** | **object** | Parameters associated with the STOP_LOST_MODE command to take the device out of lost mode. | [optional] 
**stop_lost_mode_status** | [**StopLostModeStatus**](StopLostModeStatus.md) |  | [optional] 
**type** | **str** | The type of the command. | [optional] 
**user_name** | **str** | The resource name of the user that owns the device in the form enterprises/{enterpriseId}/users/{userId}. This is automatically generated by the server based on the device the command is sent to. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.command import Command

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Command from a JSON string
command_instance = Command.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Command.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
command_dict = command_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Command from a dict
command_from_dict = Command.from_dict(command_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


