# EnrollmentToken

An enrollment token.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**additional_data** | **str** | Optional, arbitrary data associated with the enrollment token. This could contain, for example, the ID of an org unit the device is assigned to after enrollment. After a device enrolls with the token, this data will be exposed in the enrollment_token_data field of the Device resource. The data must be 1024 characters or less; otherwise, the creation request will fail. | [optional] 
**allow_personal_usage** | **str** | Controls whether personal usage is allowed on a device provisioned with this enrollment token.For company-owned devices: Enabling personal usage allows the user to set up a work profile on the device. Disabling personal usage requires the user provision the device as a fully managed device.For personally-owned devices: Enabling personal usage allows the user to set up a work profile on the device. Disabling personal usage will prevent the device from provisioning. Personal usage cannot be disabled on personally-owned device. | [optional] 
**duration** | **str** | The length of time the enrollment token is valid, ranging from 1 minute to Durations.MAX_VALUE (https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/java/com/google/protobuf/util/Durations.html#MAX_VALUE), approximately 10,000 years. If not specified, the default duration is 1 hour. Please note that if requested duration causes the resulting expiration_timestamp to exceed Timestamps.MAX_VALUE (https://developers.google.com/protocol-buffers/docs/reference/java/com/google/protobuf/util/Timestamps.html#MAX_VALUE), then expiration_timestamp is coerced to Timestamps.MAX_VALUE. | [optional] 
**expiration_timestamp** | **str** | The expiration time of the token. This is a read-only field generated by the server. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The name of the enrollment token, which is generated by the server during creation, in the form enterprises/{enterpriseId}/enrollmentTokens/{enrollmentTokenId}. | [optional] 
**one_time_only** | **bool** | Whether the enrollment token is for one time use only. If the flag is set to true, only one device can use it for registration. | [optional] 
**policy_name** | **str** | The name of the policy initially applied to the enrolled device, in the form enterprises/{enterpriseId}/policies/{policyId}. If not specified, the policy_name for the device’s user is applied. If user_name is also not specified, enterprises/{enterpriseId}/policies/default is applied by default. When updating this field, you can specify only the policyId as long as the policyId doesn’t contain any slashes. The rest of the policy name will be inferred. | [optional] 
**qr_code** | **str** | A JSON string whose UTF-8 representation can be used to generate a QR code to enroll a device with this enrollment token. To enroll a device using NFC, the NFC record must contain a serialized java.util.Properties representation of the properties in the JSON. | [optional] 
**user** | [**User**](User.md) |  | [optional] 
**value** | **str** | The token value that&#39;s passed to the device and authorizes the device to enroll. This is a read-only field generated by the server. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.enrollment_token import EnrollmentToken

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of EnrollmentToken from a JSON string
enrollment_token_instance = EnrollmentToken.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(EnrollmentToken.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
enrollment_token_dict = enrollment_token_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of EnrollmentToken from a dict
enrollment_token_from_dict = EnrollmentToken.from_dict(enrollment_token_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


