# Enterprise

The configuration applied to an enterprise.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**app_auto_approval_enabled** | **bool** | Deprecated and unused. | [optional] 
**contact_info** | [**ContactInfo**](ContactInfo.md) |  | [optional] 
**enabled_notification_types** | **List[str]** | The types of Google Pub/Sub notifications enabled for the enterprise. | [optional] 
**enterprise_display_name** | **str** | The name of the enterprise displayed to users. This field has a maximum length of 100 characters. | [optional] 
**logo** | [**ExternalData**](ExternalData.md) |  | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The name of the enterprise which is generated by the server during creation, in the form enterprises/{enterpriseId}. | [optional] 
**primary_color** | **int** | A color in RGB format that indicates the predominant color to display in the device management app UI. The color components are stored as follows: (red &lt;&lt; 16) | (green &lt;&lt; 8) | blue, where the value of each component is between 0 and 255, inclusive. | [optional] 
**pubsub_topic** | **str** | The topic which Pub/Sub notifications are published to, in the form projects/{project}/topics/{topic}. This field is only required if Pub/Sub notifications are enabled. | [optional] 
**signin_details** | [**List[SigninDetail]**](SigninDetail.md) | Sign-in details of the enterprise. | [optional] 
**terms_and_conditions** | [**List[TermsAndConditions]**](TermsAndConditions.md) | Terms and conditions that must be accepted when provisioning a device for this enterprise. A page of terms is generated for each value in this list. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.enterprise import Enterprise

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of Enterprise from a JSON string
enterprise_instance = Enterprise.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(Enterprise.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
enterprise_dict = enterprise_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of Enterprise from a dict
enterprise_from_dict = Enterprise.from_dict(enterprise_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


