# MigrationToken

A token to initiate the migration of a device from being managed by a third-party DPC to being managed by Android Management API. A migration token is valid only for a single device.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**additional_data** | **str** | Immutable. Optional EMM-specified additional data. Once the device is migrated this will be populated in the migrationAdditionalData field of the Device resource. This must be at most 1024 characters. | [optional] 
**create_time** | **str** | Output only. Time when this migration token was created. | [optional] [readonly] 
**device** | **str** | Output only. Once this migration token is used to migrate a device, the name of the resulting Device resource will be populated here, in the form enterprises/{enterprise}/devices/{device}. | [optional] [readonly] 
**device_id** | **str** | Required. Immutable. The id of the device, as in the Play EMM API. This corresponds to the deviceId parameter in Play EMM API&#39;s Devices.get (https://developers.google.com/android/work/play/emm-api/v1/devices/get#parameters) call. | [optional] 
**expire_time** | **str** | Immutable. The time when this migration token expires. This can be at most seven days from the time of creation. The migration token is deleted seven days after it expires. | [optional] 
**management_mode** | **str** | Required. Immutable. The management mode of the device or profile being migrated. | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | Output only. The name of the migration token, which is generated by the server during creation, in the form enterprises/{enterprise}/migrationTokens/{migration_token}. | [optional] [readonly] 
**policy** | **str** | Required. Immutable. The name of the policy initially applied to the enrolled device, in the form enterprises/{enterprise}/policies/{policy}. | [optional] 
**ttl** | **str** | Input only. The time that this migration token is valid for. This is input-only, and for returning a migration token the server will populate the expireTime field. This can be at most seven days. The default is seven days. | [optional] 
**user_id** | **str** | Required. Immutable. The user id of the Managed Google Play account on the device, as in the Play EMM API. This corresponds to the userId parameter in Play EMM API&#39;s Devices.get (https://developers.google.com/android/work/play/emm-api/v1/devices/get#parameters) call. | [optional] 
**value** | **str** | Output only. The value of the migration token. | [optional] [readonly] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.migration_token import MigrationToken

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of MigrationToken from a JSON string
migration_token_instance = MigrationToken.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(MigrationToken.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
migration_token_dict = migration_token_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of MigrationToken from a dict
migration_token_from_dict = MigrationToken.from_dict(migration_token_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


