# SigninDetail

A resource containing sign in details for an enterprise. Use enterprises to manage SigninDetails for a given enterprise.For an enterprise, we can have any number of SigninDetails that is uniquely identified by combination of the following three fields (signin_url, allow_personal_usage, token_tag). One cannot create two SigninDetails with the same (signin_url, allow_personal_usage, token_tag). (token_tag is an optional field).Patch: The operation updates the current list of SigninDetails with the new list of SigninDetails. If the stored SigninDetail configuration is passed, it returns the same signin_enrollment_token and qr_code. If we pass multiple identical SigninDetail configurations that are not stored, it will store the first one amongst those SigninDetail configurations. if the configuration already exists we cannot request it more than once in a particular patch API call, otherwise it will give a duplicate key error and the whole operation will fail. If we remove certain SigninDetail configuration from the request then it will get removed from the storage. We can then request another signin_enrollment_token and qr_code for the same SigninDetail configuration.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**allow_personal_usage** | **str** | Controls whether personal usage is allowed on a device provisioned with this enrollment token.For company-owned devices: Enabling personal usage allows the user to set up a work profile on the device. Disabling personal usage requires the user provision the device as a fully managed device.For personally-owned devices: Enabling personal usage allows the user to set up a work profile on the device. Disabling personal usage will prevent the device from provisioning. Personal usage cannot be disabled on personally-owned device. | [optional] 
**qr_code** | **str** | A JSON string whose UTF-8 representation can be used to generate a QR code to enroll a device with this enrollment token. To enroll a device using NFC, the NFC record must contain a serialized java.util.Properties representation of the properties in the JSON. This is a read-only field generated by the server. | [optional] 
**signin_enrollment_token** | **str** | An enterprise wide enrollment token used to trigger custom sign-in flow. This is a read-only field generated by the server. | [optional] 
**signin_url** | **str** | Sign-in URL for authentication when device is provisioned with a sign-in enrollment token. The sign-in endpoint should finish authentication flow with a URL in the form of https://enterprise.google.com/android/enroll?et&#x3D; for a successful login, or https://enterprise.google.com/android/enroll/invalid for a failed login. | [optional] 
**token_tag** | **str** | An EMM-specified metadata to distinguish between instances of SigninDetail. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.signin_detail import SigninDetail

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of SigninDetail from a JSON string
signin_detail_instance = SigninDetail.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(SigninDetail.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
signin_detail_dict = signin_detail_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of SigninDetail from a dict
signin_detail_from_dict = SigninDetail.from_dict(signin_detail_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


