# WebToken

A web token used to access the managed Google Play iframe.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**enabled_features** | **List[str]** | The features to enable. Use this if you want to control exactly which feature(s) will be activated; leave empty to allow all features.Restrictions / things to note: - If no features are listed here, all features are enabled — this is the default behavior where you give access to all features to your admins. - This must not contain any FEATURE_UNSPECIFIED values. - Repeated values are ignored  | [optional] 
**name** | **str** | The name of the web token, which is generated by the server during creation in the form enterprises/{enterpriseId}/webTokens/{webTokenId}. | [optional] 
**parent_frame_url** | **str** | The URL of the parent frame hosting the iframe with the embedded UI. To prevent XSS, the iframe may not be hosted at other URLs. The URL must use the https scheme. | [optional] 
**permissions** | **List[str]** | Permissions available to an admin in the embedded UI. An admin must have all of these permissions in order to view the UI. This field is deprecated. | [optional] 
**value** | **str** | The token value which is used in the hosting page to generate the iframe with the embedded UI. This is a read-only field generated by the server. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.web_token import WebToken

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of WebToken from a JSON string
web_token_instance = WebToken.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(WebToken.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
web_token_dict = web_token_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of WebToken from a dict
web_token_from_dict = WebToken.from_dict(web_token_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


