# openapi

<!-- Start SDK Installation -->
## SDK Installation

```bash
pip install openapi
```
<!-- End SDK Installation -->

<!-- Start SDK Example Usage -->
## SDK Example Usage

```python
import sdk
from sdk.models import operations, shared

s = sdk.SDK()
    
req = operations.HomegraphAgentUsersDeleteRequest(
    security=operations.HomegraphAgentUsersDeleteSecurity(
        oauth2=shared.SchemeOauth2(
            authorization="Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
        )
        oauth2c=shared.SchemeOauth2c(
            authorization="Bearer YOUR_ACCESS_TOKEN_HERE",
        ),
    ),
    path_params=operations.HomegraphAgentUsersDeletePathParams(
        agent_user_id="quas",
    ),
    query_params=operations.HomegraphAgentUsersDeleteQueryParams(
        dollar_xgafv="2",
        access_token="excepturi",
        alt="proto",
        callback="enim",
        fields="aut",
        key="numquam",
        oauth_token="aliquam",
        pretty_print=False,
        quota_user="sint",
        request_id="odio",
        upload_type="consequatur",
        upload_protocol="veritatis",
    ),
)
    
res = s.agent_users.homegraph_agent_users_delete(req)

if res.empty is not None:
    # handle response
```
<!-- End SDK Example Usage -->

<!-- Start SDK Available Operations -->
## SDK Available Operations

### agentUsers

* `homegraph_agent_users_delete` - Unlinks the given third-party user from your smart home Action. All data related to this user will be deleted. For more details on how users link their accounts, see [fulfillment and authentication](https://developers.google.com/assistant/smarthome/concepts/fulfillment-authentication). The third-party user's identity is passed in via the `agent_user_id` (see DeleteAgentUserRequest). This request must be authorized using service account credentials from your Actions console project.

### devices

* `homegraph_devices_query` - Gets the current states in Home Graph for the given set of the third-party user's devices. The third-party user's identity is passed in via the `agent_user_id` (see QueryRequest). This request must be authorized using service account credentials from your Actions console project.
* `homegraph_devices_report_state_and_notification` - Reports device state and optionally sends device notifications. Called by your smart home Action when the state of a third-party device changes or you need to send a notification about the device. See [Implement Report State](https://developers.google.com/assistant/smarthome/develop/report-state) for more information. This method updates the device state according to its declared [traits](https://developers.google.com/assistant/smarthome/concepts/devices-traits). Publishing a new state value outside of these traits will result in an `INVALID_ARGUMENT` error response. The third-party user's identity is passed in via the `agent_user_id` (see ReportStateAndNotificationRequest). This request must be authorized using service account credentials from your Actions console project.
* `homegraph_devices_request_sync` - Requests Google to send an `action.devices.SYNC` [intent](https://developers.google.com/assistant/smarthome/reference/intent/sync) to your smart home Action to update device metadata for the given user. The third-party user's identity is passed via the `agent_user_id` (see RequestSyncDevicesRequest). This request must be authorized using service account credentials from your Actions console project.
* `homegraph_devices_sync` - Gets all the devices associated with the given third-party user. The third-party user's identity is passed in via the `agent_user_id` (see SyncRequest). This request must be authorized using service account credentials from your Actions console project.

<!-- End SDK Available Operations -->

### SDK Generated by [Speakeasy](https://docs.speakeasyapi.dev/docs/using-speakeasy/client-sdks)
