# GoogleIdentityStsV1betaExchangeTokenRequest

Request message for ExchangeToken.

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**audience** | **str** | The full resource name of the identity provider. For example, &#x60;//iam.googleapis.com/projects//locations/global/workloadIdentityPools//providers/&#x60;. Required when exchanging an external credential for a Google access token. | [optional] 
**grant_type** | **str** | Required. The grant type. Must be &#x60;urn:ietf:params:oauth:grant-type:token-exchange&#x60;, which indicates a token exchange. | [optional] 
**options** | **str** | A set of features that Security Token Service supports, in addition to the standard OAuth 2.0 token exchange, formatted as a serialized JSON object of Options. The size of the parameter value must not exceed 4096 characters. | [optional] 
**requested_token_type** | **str** | Required. The type of security token. Must be &#x60;urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:access_token&#x60;, which indicates an OAuth 2.0 access token. | [optional] 
**scope** | **str** | The OAuth 2.0 scopes to include on the resulting access token, formatted as a list of space-delimited, case-sensitive strings. Required when exchanging an external credential for a Google access token. | [optional] 
**subject_token** | **str** | Required. The input token. This token is either an external credential issued by a workload identity pool provider, or a short-lived access token issued by Google. If the token is an OIDC JWT, it must use the JWT format defined in [RFC 7523](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7523), and the &#x60;subject_token_type&#x60; must be either &#x60;urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:jwt&#x60; or &#x60;urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:id_token&#x60;. The following headers are required: - &#x60;kid&#x60;: The identifier of the signing key securing the JWT. - &#x60;alg&#x60;: The cryptographic algorithm securing the JWT. Must be &#x60;RS256&#x60; or &#x60;ES256&#x60;. The following payload fields are required. For more information, see [RFC 7523, Section 3](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc7523#section-3): - &#x60;iss&#x60;: The issuer of the token. The issuer must provide a discovery document at the URL &#x60;/.well-known/openid-configuration&#x60;, where &#x60;&#x60; is the value of this field. The document must be formatted according to section 4.2 of the [OIDC 1.0 Discovery specification](https://openid.net/specs/openid-connect-discovery-1_0.html#ProviderConfigurationResponse). - &#x60;iat&#x60;: The issue time, in seconds, since the Unix epoch. Must be in the past. - &#x60;exp&#x60;: The expiration time, in seconds, since the Unix epoch. Must be less than 48 hours after &#x60;iat&#x60;. Shorter expiration times are more secure. If possible, we recommend setting an expiration time less than 6 hours. - &#x60;sub&#x60;: The identity asserted in the JWT. - &#x60;aud&#x60;: For workload identity pools, this must be a value specified in the allowed audiences for the workload identity pool provider, or one of the audiences allowed by default if no audiences were specified. See https://cloud.google.com/iam/docs/reference/rest/v1/projects.locations.workloadIdentityPools.providers#oidc Example header: &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; { \&quot;alg\&quot;: \&quot;RS256\&quot;, \&quot;kid\&quot;: \&quot;us-east-11\&quot; } &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; Example payload: &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; { \&quot;iss\&quot;: \&quot;https://accounts.google.com\&quot;, \&quot;iat\&quot;: 1517963104, \&quot;exp\&quot;: 1517966704, \&quot;aud\&quot;: \&quot;//iam.googleapis.com/projects/1234567890123/locations/global/workloadIdentityPools/my-pool/providers/my-provider\&quot;, \&quot;sub\&quot;: \&quot;113475438248934895348\&quot;, \&quot;my_claims\&quot;: { \&quot;additional_claim\&quot;: \&quot;value\&quot; } } &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; If &#x60;subject_token&#x60; is for AWS, it must be a serialized &#x60;GetCallerIdentity&#x60; token. This token contains the same information as a request to the AWS [&#x60;GetCallerIdentity()&#x60;](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/STS/latest/APIReference/API_GetCallerIdentity) method, as well as the AWS [signature](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/signing_aws_api_requests.html) for the request information. Use Signature Version 4. Format the request as URL-encoded JSON, and set the &#x60;subject_token_type&#x60; parameter to &#x60;urn:ietf:params:aws:token-type:aws4_request&#x60;. The following parameters are required: - &#x60;url&#x60;: The URL of the AWS STS endpoint for &#x60;GetCallerIdentity()&#x60;, such as &#x60;https://sts.amazonaws.com?Action&#x3D;GetCallerIdentity&amp;Version&#x3D;2011-06-15&#x60;. Regional endpoints are also supported. - &#x60;method&#x60;: The HTTP request method: &#x60;POST&#x60;. - &#x60;headers&#x60;: The HTTP request headers, which must include: - &#x60;Authorization&#x60;: The request signature. - &#x60;x-amz-date&#x60;: The time you will send the request, formatted as an [ISO8601 Basic](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/general/latest/gr/sigv4_elements.html#sigv4_elements_date) string. This value is typically set to the current time and is used to help prevent replay attacks. - &#x60;host&#x60;: The hostname of the &#x60;url&#x60; field; for example, &#x60;sts.amazonaws.com&#x60;. - &#x60;x-goog-cloud-target-resource&#x60;: The full, canonical resource name of the workload identity pool provider, with or without an &#x60;https:&#x60; prefix. To help ensure data integrity, we recommend including this header in the &#x60;SignedHeaders&#x60; field of the signed request. For example: //iam.googleapis.com/projects//locations/global/workloadIdentityPools//providers/ https://iam.googleapis.com/projects//locations/global/workloadIdentityPools//providers/ If you are using temporary security credentials provided by AWS, you must also include the header &#x60;x-amz-security-token&#x60;, with the value set to the session token. The following example shows a &#x60;GetCallerIdentity&#x60; token: &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; { \&quot;headers\&quot;: [ {\&quot;key\&quot;: \&quot;x-amz-date\&quot;, \&quot;value\&quot;: \&quot;20200815T015049Z\&quot;}, {\&quot;key\&quot;: \&quot;Authorization\&quot;, \&quot;value\&quot;: \&quot;AWS4-HMAC-SHA256+Credential&#x3D;$credential,+SignedHeaders&#x3D;host;x-amz-date;x-goog-cloud-target-resource,+Signature&#x3D;$signature\&quot;}, {\&quot;key\&quot;: \&quot;x-goog-cloud-target-resource\&quot;, \&quot;value\&quot;: \&quot;//iam.googleapis.com/projects//locations/global/workloadIdentityPools//providers/\&quot;}, {\&quot;key\&quot;: \&quot;host\&quot;, \&quot;value\&quot;: \&quot;sts.amazonaws.com\&quot;} . ], \&quot;method\&quot;: \&quot;POST\&quot;, \&quot;url\&quot;: \&quot;https://sts.amazonaws.com?Action&#x3D;GetCallerIdentity&amp;Version&#x3D;2011-06-15\&quot; } &#x60;&#x60;&#x60; You can also use a Google-issued OAuth 2.0 access token with this field to obtain an access token with new security attributes applied, such as a Credential Access Boundary. In this case, set &#x60;subject_token_type&#x60; to &#x60;urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:access_token&#x60;. If an access token already contains security attributes, you cannot apply additional security attributes. | [optional] 
**subject_token_type** | **str** | Required. An identifier that indicates the type of the security token in the &#x60;subject_token&#x60; parameter. Supported values are &#x60;urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:jwt&#x60;, &#x60;urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:id_token&#x60;, &#x60;urn:ietf:params:aws:token-type:aws4_request&#x60;, and &#x60;urn:ietf:params:oauth:token-type:access_token&#x60;. | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from openapi_client.models.google_identity_sts_v1beta_exchange_token_request import GoogleIdentityStsV1betaExchangeTokenRequest

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of GoogleIdentityStsV1betaExchangeTokenRequest from a JSON string
google_identity_sts_v1beta_exchange_token_request_instance = GoogleIdentityStsV1betaExchangeTokenRequest.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print(GoogleIdentityStsV1betaExchangeTokenRequest.to_json())

# convert the object into a dict
google_identity_sts_v1beta_exchange_token_request_dict = google_identity_sts_v1beta_exchange_token_request_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of GoogleIdentityStsV1betaExchangeTokenRequest from a dict
google_identity_sts_v1beta_exchange_token_request_from_dict = GoogleIdentityStsV1betaExchangeTokenRequest.from_dict(google_identity_sts_v1beta_exchange_token_request_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


